Trigger Warning: Extremely disturbing content. Women and homosexuals may read, with limited male supervision.

Tablet I: The Annunaki
In the beginning, there was nothing; and then there was. A brilliant flash of light stretched outward into the darkness, and the stars were created.
Over millenia, it was from the death of stars that would emerge the pantheon of the Annunaki; near-indestructible and timeless beings.
In time, they would encounter one another, and their already great-intelligence would come together allowing their knowledge of the Universe to increase tenfold.
And so, they would then come to identify themselves; Enki, Gilib, Enlil, Ninurta, Innana, and Nergal.
The Annunaki could easily jump from planet to planet, and reunite with one another, but a dire matter occurred to them.
How would they find one another if one ventured out too far into the cosmos and became lost?
If such an event ever transpired, that Annunaki would almost certainly be lost forever.
Nergal then laughed, "Oh, don't worry, I'll recover the remains of you, eventually."
Innana looked angry, and punched Nergal in the face. A spark of light shot out from her fists, and light funneled through Nergal's body, but he seemed otherwise unaffected.
"Did I strike a nerve, Innana? You've always been the most absent-minded of all of us." laughed Nergal.
Innana stopped punching Nergal.
"Do you think punching the void is going to save you?" He continued, unprovoked.
Innana was getting ready to punch him again, but Ninurta stopped her.
"He's right. Innana is far too impulsive to be left to her own devices. I'll have to keep an eye on her and prevent her from being lost to the void."
This concluded Innana's anger against Nergal, and she was now slightly embarassed.
Gilib interjected. "The only certainty of space we can achieve is in finding the center of the Universe."
Enlil inquired, "And how's that?"
Enki now stepped out, and revealed that at each location they visited, he had been counting the red stars and blue stars that he noticed, according to the instruction of Gilib.
Gilib now continued, "You see, light is like a waveform, and as the frequency of the wave lowers, the result is red, rather than blue, light."
"A star that is approaching us should theoretically appear blue, and a star leaving us should theoretically be red, all else being equal."
"Enki, what are the results of your computations?"
Enki nodded his head, and began looking at a sheath of water on his arm, pointing his index finger to somewhere along his forearm.
"Among the multiple stops we took, I found similar results; that the vast majority of stars are red."
"That's very good. We are making great progress."
Gilib reached into the earth, and melted the stone with his hand, pulling out a sphere of molten dirt that quickly froze in the air.
"I want you to imagine that this is our Universe. We could be anywhere inside it."
"In all likelihood, we are not at the center, but somewhere towards the outer edge of it."
"If we looked at those edges nearest us, they would appear slightly more blue than normal. If we were looking through the center, it would appear even more red."
"If my theory is correct, this Universe is expanding, but I need to test my theory to be certain of it."
Enlil looked at the stars and stated, "I don't really notice any difference in the hue of the stars, except when I'm down here."
But this comment was ignored, as perhaps Enlil's eyes were not as finely tuned as that of the other Annunaki, who could. He was able to become invisible, after all.
Ninurta now seemed to understand and offered "We can use my inertia to test it."
Gilib congradulated Ninurta on his understanding, and then suggested they build a rig the other Annunaki could ride in, with Ninurta leading them.
And so, the Annunaki entered the rig, and Ninurta took a hold of it. Ninurta took a running start, and began to hover, perfectly.
Ninurta held the ability of perfect inertia. He would not accelerate nor decelerate for so long as he used it.
From what perspective was his inertia perfect? Nobody knew. But it remained unquestioned, as he could effortlessly rip planets apart with it, seemingly ignoring all outer forces.
The Annunaki took note of the red star they were approaching. But very gradually, the star began to shift blue, despite their constant, unaccelerated speed.
"This defies all conventional understanding of light. If the object is at a high speed relative to us, it should be more red than blue."
"And despite our change in relative distance, the velocity itself, should be unaffected."
Enki confirmed this notion to Gilib, as during the trip, he had been recording other stars they passed by, taking note of the Doppler phenomenon as they passed.
"But something is causing the stars to appear more red, not only from acceleration, but also the greater the distance."
Enlil now argued with Gilib, "But only from the limited perspective you've been viewing it from."
Enlil then vanished, and a voice rang out "From this location, the average light of the stars appears white like normal, with some red and some blue variation."
"I can see many more stars appear as I continue to adjust my position. As I continue to move up, it appears more blue."
Gilib reached out his hand to the location Enlil should have been sitting in the rig, but found that it was, indeed, empty.
"Where are you, Enlil?" asked Gilib.
"I'm right here, Gilib." The voice seemingly rang out from where Enlil should have been sitting in the rig.
The rig was only large enough to accommodate the Annunaki, but no other Annunaki in the rig took notice of Enlil's physical presence.
"But I recently noticed, that the rest of you never move upward in this direction. Are you unable to?"
Enlil now seemingly unvanished, and was back in the rig with them.
Gilib now understood that Enlil's ability was not invisibility, at all.

Tablet II: The Callback Protocol
Gilib questioned Enlil for what seemed like hours, asking Enlil to describe the way he viewed his surroundings.
Eventually, Gilib arrived at a final explanation for the rest of the Annunaki.
"Enlil is able to move in 4, rather than 3 directions. He can see in 4 directions, as well."
"From Enlil's perspective, we exist in what is like a shallow pool at the bottom of a cavern filled with columns."
"And this is the most interesting part; those columns stretching into the cave, when entering the pool, form the planets and stars we see."
"In other words, the seemingly disconnected bodies we see that fill the void of space are physically-connected, only beyond our vision."
"Our shallow pool contains a void slightly less empty than the space above it."
"And as a result of random interactions between light and particles, light tends to bend upward, into the cavern."
"And from our limited perspective, it would be as if light was gradually slowing down while distorted, until it finally disappears, having left our pool."
"Over a distance, light becomes more red as it gradually begins to bend upwards, and eventually disappears altogether, hence the blackness of the void."
"But for Enlil, this phenomenon only exists in the shallow pool. To him, light is everywhere, rather than darkness."
This newfound understanding was monumental. The other Annunaki were intelligent, but this realization turned their understanding of the Universe on its head.
"Does this imply that the Universe isn't like a cosmic spring, stretching out, and then contracting repeatedly?"
"That still remains a possibility, but it is no longer the case that our understanding of redshift necessitates it."
"This grants us an important understanding of our Universe. That, with enough distance, light will slow down, and eventually dissappear."
"But even with this fog of darkness, we can still find the center of everything, or at least find a location for which we may always pass."
Gilib looked at Enki, and requested "You can do this, Enki."
"I already have. The red side of our view has remained largely the same over this current voyage, and there is a small blue spot within that red frontier. There!"
Enki pointed in the direction of what appeared as a random star, but Gilib revealed that "This direction was towards or past the center of the Universe, and therefore the correct direction."
The Annunaki took a voyage to that blue star, until they went past it, and towards the next blue star, and the next one, until finally, the direction would necessarily be reversed completely.
The Annunaki had arrived in a suitably-central location with a planet they would call Eden.
The Annunaki got to work, setting landmarks and mighty monoliths across the nearby planets, and then convened in Eden.
Over the next few days, Gilib and Enki would carefully explain the methods of navigation to the rest of the Annunaki.
No matter where they may be, they would eventually be able to find their way back to Eden.
Eden was to be the Garden of the Annunaki, and any buildings, inventions, or otherwise, would necessarily be built outward from it.

Tablet III: Gilib And Enki, Inseparable
As of this point, Gilib and Enki were greatly interested in what they could learn from Enlil's eyes.
Was density of matter a misunderstanding? What about cations, or anions? Were they all simply displaced matter?
All of these could be answered with Enlil's eyes, but the results were necessarily confusing.
It was all Enlil could do to explain color to the blind, and it was no easy process for even Gilib to properly interpret all information he was described.
In the end, Gilib realized that he could not fully interpret the fourth dimension, and that it may simply be better to observe what he could.
Enki aspired to the certainty of observable data, and to simply make inferences where available.
But there was one important explanation beyond a phenomenon they witnessed in their Universe; the black hole.
The Annunaki already knew that a black hole was only a mirage, inevitably dissappearing upon approach, but they didn't know how it was that it existed.
Enlil's eyes provided that answer; a column came close, but did not breach the pool, casting a shadow to those far away from it.
He then went on to request, "Gilib, I've expanded all available memory, but believe that this memory may prove valuable later. Perhaps we could record it somehow?"
He held out his forearm, covered in a thin sheath of water.
Gilib responded, "We will need to find a way to mimic the exactitude with which you flip water molecules that can work in at least one direction and still be visible to you."
"Some type of crystalline structure made of carbon and surface pair-endings will have to do."
"What about carbon steel?"
"That could work. Hold on, I'll be right back."
Gilib ventured out into the valley, and eventually returned with a disc of carbon-steel.
Gilib started heating it up in his hands, and Enki rotated his forearm around the disc, leaving behind an imprint of the data he intended to delete.
Enki then shook his arm around, and Enlil could see flashes of light uniformly spread from the top to the bottom of his forearm.
Enlil didn't understand what was happening, so Gilib began to explain.
"Enki has a complex means of recording and storing information. Imagine a long line of water molecules wrapped around his arm in a coil."
"He can freely manipulate the alignment of the water molecules in that line, whether they're facing up or down."
"And it all stays in place due to surface tension, plus something about his forearm, that I don't understand."
"From there, it's a matter of organizing and indexing information. Every 32 molecules, he considers as a unique unit of measurement."
"He can keep numeric data in any location, and he can also reference other locations or ranges of locations on his arm with these numbers."
"Every conceivable form of data is abstracted from that point."
"But he has a limited amount of water on his forearm, and occasionally needs to store the data he wrote elsewhere, to free up space for whatever else he's doing."
"It's what we used to compile redshift, and find Eden, originally."
"Other than computational purposes, he can also use his abilities alongside my own to create voltage differentials, and metal, but he'd need to delete all data."
The two then engaged in some sort of formation, with their hands coming together; Enki removing any debris from his palms.
Gilib reached his arm into the ground, retrieving molten stone, and Enki immediately cooled it with his water, and the vapor reattached to Enki's arm.
He did so pulling his index fingers, in a dotted pattern, down Gilib's forearm.
Gilib then revealed chains he extended from his arms, whipping the molten end onto a nearby boulder, and immediately attaching.
Gilib began pulling the boulder away; "We want to test out a couple pendulums here before we go on with more important work."
"Do you mind if I use the floating monolith you constructed, Enlil?" asked Gilib.
"I don't see why not. Go right ahead."
"Thank you."

Tablet IV: The Tablets of Destiny
One day, the Annunaki were lounging about in Eden; Suddenly, Enlil arrived and demanded their attention.
"Guys, I found something unusual."
Enlil held out some stones and revealed, "I found these stones in a square room."
"The room was cut off from the surface, and wouldn't have been visible to you guys, but it looked kind of cool, so I brought this back."
Carved into the stones was some sort of markings. Gilib claimed, "For some reason, I can understand it."
"This marking appears as a face and a torso, and is how I would describe one of us. This marking is how I would describe water."
"I understand it, but I didn't create it. There's no undeniable certainty of the meaning of these symbols, but it's how I would have recorded such information."
"It says; In Time, you will create beings similar to yourselves, and those beings will continue to create copies of themselves."
"You will do so by placing water, nitrogen, oxygen, and carbon on a planet with a molten core, and then establishing a continuous electrical current upon it."
"In time, these beings will become intelligent, but they will always break. They must forever accept the futility that they will break. There will be no lies."
This was a shocking development to the Annunaki, and they immediately got to work. Nearby, on the planet of Shiburlaki, with a molten core, would be perfect.
Enlil pulled icy meteors in from the fourth corner, Ninurta terraformed the sea floor to accommodate for geothermal vents, and the other Annunaki got to work on electrolysis.
Innana punched quartz according to Nergal's instruction, while he did nothing. Enki and Gilib used heat differentials to create constant streams of electricity.
In time, complex nitrogen-ended hydrocarbons began to form in the water, and then other complex bonds formed that could retain locally-stable, but still unstable, chemical configurations.
It occurred to Gilib and Enki that this arrangement was like storing energy for later use, but they didn't yet fully understand the purpose.
In time, the complexity of these configurations increased, until Gilib and Enki could not longer reasonably classify it, and then, such forms began to produce more of itself when exposed to light-waves from the sun.
The Annunaki were ultimately dissappointed with the outcome, but Gilib and Enki would recreate the process over and over again across many worlds, for use as batteries in their projects.
For many thousands of years, the Annunaki focused on further experimentation and classification of the Universe around them, and Enlil occasionally found more stones.
"The creation of the Annunaki copies will take thousands of years. The Annunaki will spread them across the Universe and rule them."
"But in the abscence of the Annunaki, they would inevitably break one another. This presents an error in scaling."
Gilib wondered if the markings were meaningless, and he had deceived himself, imagining meaning where there was none.
But he was ultimately disproven, for one day, Enki noticed a thing moving around in their battery tank. This was the first sighting of a fish.
And so, the original project of creating the Annunaki-copies would be continued. They began many experiments upon this being.
They slowly introduced the beings to land. They slowly introduced the beings to extreme heat, extreme cold, forcing changes upon them.
This was a long-standing project, and during the developments, a new tablet would soon be discovered by Enlil.
"These beings cannot, and will never be able to survive in the void. Transportation will require bridges between worlds."
At first, the prospect of connecting bridges between distant planets seemed ludicrous, until Gilib remembered what Enlil had described to him.
The planets are already physically-connected beyond our view, so we need Enlil and Ninurta to build them.
Enlil built slopes, that, like in our 3 directions, transferred momentum from one direction to another.
It was a careful procedure, but eventually, he had slightly pulled Ninurta into his space. Ninurta would then use his perfect inertia to carry bridge parts between two slopes.
All of this process was invisible to the Annunaki, except when viewed through the entrances.
From their perspective, it was like two doors were placed on separate planets. They could see a hallway with a dark fog connecting the two doors, but they could not view or enter the hallways from any spot but the doors.
It was like a tear in space itself. Although there was a dark fog at the beginning and end of the hallways, the inside itself was very bright, without any lighting.
It was soon determined that automated carts could be powered from the light of the hallway, alone, which Gilib and Enki constructed.
Meanwhile, Innana lit up the void in search of water to terraform the planets, while Nergal followed her, pretending to work.
Over time, the complexity of the creatures would increase, until over many millenia, the Annunaki finally created mankind.

Tablet V: Prisoner's Dilemma
For a time, the Annunaki thought it best not to spoil humans, allowing them to develop largely on their own, for several millenia.
The humans soon were spread across the stars, and with a great scale at their disposal, trade flourished quickly, as the humans gradually grew more intelligent.
A tablet had been found, "Fire revealed would bring great chaos, and water was not a solution."
The humans soon began to produce engines of combustion, that may aid them in their labors. Gilib soon arrived upon a hypothesis.
"Humanity relies primarily on combustion of materials harvested from the ground, pumped out with water."
"The chaos, therefore, would come in an over-reliance on these limited materials, and the poisoning of the atmosphere."
"But the most important danger is in the loss of water, plunged into the earth, destabilizing the ground beneath them."
And so, the Annunaki decided it was time to grant the humans an insight into greater, more efficient, forms of energy.
Gilib assembled thousands of humans, and began to explain the concept of nuclear energy to them. But the humans didn't fully understand his descriptions.
Soon, Gilib allowed Enki to make an attempt. Enki, despite his quiet nature, had assembled diagrams to explain the process of energy harvest to the humans.
This proved successful, but then, Enki made a mistake Gilib would not have made.
"But please be careful, as specific iterations of this process can create massive bombs capable of destroying entire empires."
Soon, all humans came to learn of the concept, and although most of them were peaceful, there were a few who were not. The Universe was very large.
What's worse, these humans had been given knowledge of Enlil's domain, and found a horrific way to fully-realize a nuclear bomb's potential.
It logically followed to many humans that the primary connection point, by which the columns of Enlil's domain connected to their planets, was in a planet's deepest oceans.
Why is this the case? Because the higher columns of water were slightly attracted to the columns from outside the pool of 3 directions.
In particular, where the height of the sea level seemed unusually high, for which the variance from those expected values of factors they could see, were based.
In other words, nuking deep sea trenches would result in something horrific; the planets' connection severed from the column, it would begin to spiral out of control, ripping into pieces.
Soon, the Pirate King Hammurabi would go planet to planet, extorting those inhabitants for resources, for which they would then fill their arsenal of naval vessels.
At first, this was a relatively-contained problem, but Hammurabi learned that they could keep remote detonators to bombs in trenches, enslaving entire planets.
Soon, entire galactic alliances were formed, and the Hitites were deployed in an effort to contain Hammurabi.
But the Hitites soon found that Hammurabi would simply escape from one planet to another, and then detonate the world that the Hitites had deployed into.
There was only one solution, by creating decryption engines intercepting and decoding the detonator signals of Hammurabi's code.
Their men always ended their messages in a specific IP postamble for message delimitation, which made it easier to decrypt. This was an error in security protocols.
From there, it was only a matter of finding the most common letter, and the next most common letter. They had not yet established AES standard.
They decoded the signals, and then detonated the bombs, dooming both Hammurabi's forces, and a hundred billion innocent souls.
But things did not improve from there. In the vast scale of the Universe, something had become inevitable.
Imagine, if you would, two prisoners who knew their best outcome was that they confess for a plea deal, but the other did not. In most cases, it is reasonable to infer that they would both confess.
Now imagine, there were three prisoners, or a hundred, or a thousand. Soon, every human lived in terror of that orange light.
Any planet could be nuked from anywhere. And any planet could choose to play chicken, attempting to extort other planets.
A prisoner's dilemma can only possibly be solved if the scale is small enough, and in this Universe, that was not the case.

Tablet VI: Theater-Dorks Conquer A Galactic Empire
In the dark recesses of the universe, nuclear anhilation was always on the table. There were three broad categories of strategy where survival was concerned; advertisement, silence, and first-strike.
"First-strike" was intuitive and obvious. Dead men do not send nukes. And one did not know the intent of the other, or how the other viewed ones' self.
Silence, or simply hiding, held a more-subtle purpose; those who hide themselves were peaceful, and could be counted on to get revenge for one another. The simple perception of filling this category was valuable.
Advertisement of one's existence was a strategy that held two purposes;
1. To secure the protections afforded to and by those who chose silence.
2. To venerate the Annunaki in hopes of retaining their attention, for if a man nuked an Annunaki, there would be no forgiveness for such an insult.
The Elam Empire resided somewhere between the strategies of first-strike and advertisement.
They wished to maintain dominion over various worlds, avoiding intervention in the broader universe, but would viciously destroy any competitor foolish enough to set up shop within their domain, which they viewed as a direct threat.
Those individuals would be faced with the wrath of their planetary alliance, and the way to win was not to play at all; "Go somewhere else".
There was one planet, however, that succeeded against their might; Akkad.
Akkad was a small empire, spanning only a single planet. It's primary export was not resources, manufacturing, or construction; rather, they were artists, and that was all.
Elam did not view them as an immediate threat, and would not waste valuable nuclear ammunition on a collection of artists.
One day, a musical was announced across the galaxy titled, "Akkad conquers Elam". Many, in the broader universe, thought of it as a joke. The Elamites had a different reaction.
They viewed it as a threat, but did not yet know if action was necessary. They wished to understand what it was that made Akkadians feel so fearless and suicidal.
Despite their warlike-nature, they were also quite cunning and curious, themselves.
The Akkadians were effeminate, to say the least, and it was perceived by the Elamites, that this was akin to the false-courage of a woman surrounded by men committed to her protection.
Better for the Akkadians to incriminate themselves, before any action was taken against them.
And so, they would let the musical air, and use it as justification for what they planned to do, anyway.
During rehearsal, the casting director, Enheduana, noticed the gawdiness of one of the harp-gala's outfits, and immediately stopped the production.
The gala-twink did not understand what was the issue. To him, the technicolor coat was a positive and endearing thing, and his fashion sense was generally good.
Enheduana pulled the costume department out, and remarked, "what is the purpose of fashion, and what is the purpose of our production?"
The costume director responded, "To destroy the Elamites, of course."
"Do you believe we can destroy the Elamites?"
"Isn't that the goal?"
"No. Our goal is survival. And so I want you to look at that gawdy, unnerving display, and tell me what's wrong with it?"
"Are you against art?"
"No. I'm against false counterfeits of it. We aren't here to launder money."
"The reason we enjoy cartoons, or fashion, is that the appearance itself is easily-digestable to the human mind with discrete borders, and any ornamentation must be a warranted thing, with effort put into it."
"This outfit shows no real thought or effort that went into it, and comes off as meaningless complexity. It fails at both inherent purposes of art."
"The purpose of a system is what it does. If your goal is to foment war, then you have chosen a rainbow of your own destruction."
"It doesn't have to be perfect. Stars will do. They'll imagine some sort of metaphor, each their own, as the human mind must create delineations and meanings where such purposes can be found."
Enheduana stepped back, and watched them continue their rehearsal, and left them to continue until the day of the performance.
The Elamites gathered to watch the musical, expecting empty, passive-aggressive threats. They had not expected the first line from a starry gala-twink with a harp.
"We... have already wo-on! We have protections, we have retention."
"It was a flaw to let questions, prevent reaction, for sake of order."
The song went on to describe how they had just seized the spotlight of the universe, thereby becoming a darling who was beyond reproach, in this very act.
It also explained to the Elamites that their supposed unity was their greatest weakness; for in unifying themselves against the universe, they had made enemies of all others.
Their unity was a pointless contradiction in the vast decentralized sea of stars, easily outmatched by a mere spectacle, and if not, doomed to inevitable, internal fracture.
"But fear not, for we will remember your name." Was chanted by the gala-twink with a harp.
The song went on to explain how Akkad could use their star-power, if they wanted, to sicc the whole of the universe against Elam, and that they would hold no chance.
"Instead, we must confess, we are impressed, so take our chest."
The ending of the play seemed to suggest an attraction for the stupid barbarians of Elam, confessing that they had watched from afar, allowing Elam to conquer one after another.
Had Elam been anything less, they would have killed them mercilessly using the aforementioned strategy. Instead, it seemed, the Akkadians wished to be the war-brides of the Elamites.
The Akkadians explained that they held no delusions of grandeur, and were, in a sense, only spectators, but still made it clear that a gladiator should not attack the onlookers.
They also went on to explain that they were valuable to the Elam Empire as the voice that prevented unnecessary conflict with border states.
It would reduce the risk of vengeance from abroad, and serve as a form of gratification to prevent fracture within the empire.
Enheduana, the director, came out, and joined the final chorus. And then the musical faded to black.

Tablet VII: The Debate On 100 Genders or 1 Gender
The Elamites were amazed at what they had seen. They had never expected such a phenomenal performance. King Enmebaragesi of Elam was so enthralled, that he personally went to greet the director.
They had nine children, in the new Elamite capital of Akkad.
In time, the Elamite Empire came to be ruled by the matrons; a shadowy council of Enheduana's daughters managing this band of violent men, with their greater emotional and psychological understanding.
Though they were not as great as their mother, there were many positive qualities of their rule.
They tamed the violent and worst impulses of the Elamites, encouraging their men to adopt a simple life in nature, one of self-reliance, trading swords for plowshares.
In order to garner cooperation, they offered "free love" and an acceptance of drugs that may satiate them.
For a time, the outcomes were excellent. This culture produced brilliant innovators and musicians.
But there were some issues; these men could not, and would never, fight; even against psychotic cannibals.
These druids were doomed to be a subculture, necessarily ruled by the warriors of the Elam mainland.
And there was one more very important problem; most of them were REALLY fucking stupid.
While a natural aristocrat might use psychadelics sparingly in order to experiment with thought itself, a natural peasant was doomed to use it to excess, having no understanding of this simple concept.
The biggest issue of the matrons was in their inability to effectively ensure the posterity of their rule over the Elamites, but there was another one; they were fundamentally uncreative.
Most of their ideas came from drugs, or just repeating what they think their mother would have done. Their plans lacked focus and inspiration of the truly divine.
Their daughters would be far more creative, calling themselves the "Queens".
It came to be, that one day, the Queens would be approached by the Patriarchy, a shadowy cabal of autistic homosexuals responsible for businesspeople never hiring women, otherwise of great value to their bottom-line.
The Patriarchy, in their wisdom, understood something very simple; that in order to increase the effectiveness of their empire's armies, they would need to solve the bottleneck of history, women.
You see, women were not capable of warfare, and great considerations needed to be made in order to prevent striappe units from invading the mainland and claiming the women.
There lied a snowball effect of considerations after considerations, fundamentally detracting from military strategy, and therefore, enlightenment.
Whereas before, there was a purpose to sexual dimorphism, these considerations were of lesser importance, just as, between two combatants of different size, a sword was a great equalizer.
And so, the solution was to give women a sword, and transform them into men, successively over generations, by injecting them with steroids.
In a world dictated by technology, this would prove to be the new optimal strategy.
The Queens responded, "That's completely autistic. So simmer down."
"Evolution created sexual dimorphism on purpose. The expense and difficulty is, itself, a hidden strength."
"Imagine two tribes, one of whom is slightly immune to poison, surviving a year, and the other would die instantly."
"Over time, the slightly immune members might come to ingest poison, and their friends would see them survive, whereas the other tribe would soon learn of its properties, and learn to steer clear."
"Women may be weaker, but that forces the tribe to create new innovations that might elevate them, the reason for the sword's existence in the first place."
"No. We Queens believe it is a matter of moksha that we, in fact, go in the opposite direction. We will create a hundred genders."
"There is a purpose to a division of labor, for it streamlines processes down to an assembly line."
"One member to raise the young. One member to fight. One member to gather resources. One member to build things."
"We are Queens. We exist to get pregnant and have babies. And what better army is there than that of an ant colony?"
The Patriarchy was instantly cured of their autism and homosexuality.
"We thought you were stupid the entire time, but you have shown us that you are truly wise beyond your years!"
The Queens responded, "Yes. We mature quickly. It's necessary, as soon, we reach menopause."
"You have shown us the error of our ways. Now, it is time for eugenics!" chanted the Patriarchy.
The Queens responded, "Yes, we will begin the gene-splicing experiments immediately."
Imagine, if you will, a man and a woman who are each ambitious, but each wish to reproduce.
A woman has a limited amount of time to reproduce, but no limitation on ambition, necessarily. The man has limitations on neither.
Marriage facilitated an agreement that would benefit men at a young age, and women at an old age.
To attempt a delay in adolescence, therefore, was a futile attempt against nature, that would see such individuals necessarily replaced.
The Queens and the Patriarchs both understood this. But they were also each uniquely cancerous, truly effective in bolstering their ranks.
The Patriarchs and Queens maintained their power by offering secrets and hidden knowledge to those that joined them.
You see, Nergal had revealed, only to them, the nature of evolution and eugenics. He might be disappointed they found gene-splicing.
Already, the two of them were both almost akin to two competing ant armies, and were the perfect mold for what was to come next.
They both realized societies with marriage were stable one's. Any new variation, therefore, would be like a mutant cancer cell, trying to assert itself.
There lied an added danger, that some of these societies contained Killer T cells. How should these Killer T Cells be managed, and how should the cancer cell best ensure its own survival?
The answer was simple. The Killer T cells were to simply be avoided. They didn't actually need to do anything but leave them alone.
And so, the Patriarchs and Queens transformed Akkad. The original matrons had vision, to be sure, but they were nothing compared to their successors.
The now-reclusive humans of Akkad would be transformed into eusocial beings, with castes literally biologically set into them.
They only had 17 genders, though. That was the real number of evolutionary perfection. The result was phenomenal, in fact.
Only those individuals, such as post-menopausal queens, or elderly worker ants used psychadelics, and it allowed them to be effective as advisers to the young.
They were the only one's capable of doing so, as a limitation of their own biology. Akkad grew to be both prosperous, and enlightened.
Nonetheless, now bug people, they soon grew to be unrelatable to the surrounding Elamites, and were wiped out with nukes.
Unfortunately, only the work of the Matrons survived, but those druids witnessed the great work of those Queens.
Realizing the profound wisdom of these beings, they would seek to create a simpler variation for the Elamites.

Tablet VIII: Innana Addresses the New Matrons
The druids of the Matrons were discussing how they should best maintain the temperance of their Elamite flock.
"To what degree should we offer them temptation? And what should be done to limit them?"
One suggested, "We should limit the use of psychadelics, such that they are only ever to be used in ceremonies."
The other said, "But how will we convince them to abide by the limitations of the ceremony?"
Innana had come to visit the remains of the Queens, but then found these Matron druids.
"The other Annunaki say that I am an impulsive goddess, and that's generally true."
"But for some reason, you insist that temptation be used, as a matter of control."
"Perhaps, it is the case that doing so would be effective, though I do not understand human impulses."
"Generally speaking, the reason I accept temperance, is when I know that I am surrounded by friends."
"I would never, in a million years, listen to Nergal."

Tablet IX: The Eternal Afterlife, An
The Annunaki wanted, desperately, to solve this new prisoner's dilemma that had befallen their human pets, and they joined in Eden to consider possible solutions.
Nergal laughed and suggested, "If all the humans were dead, then there'd be peace. I propose war."
The rest of the Annunaki ignored Nergal, and then began a serious conversation.
Innana stammered, "What if we nuke people who nuke people?"
Gilib, Ninurta, and even Enki, looked at Innana as if she was insane.
Nergal laughed again, "A nuke is too... all-encompassing. You can't relish in the fear of the screaming masses."
Enlil returned and responded, "Please be quiet. I've returned, and found another tablet."
The gods were excited, and the purpose of the tablet was already obvious to them.
"One day, Erishkigal will be born, and she will create An, the eternal afterlife."
"But it will require Innana's light in order to activate. Thus, only a few humans may be admitted."
"Nergal and Enlil will create Coliseum Games, pitting humans against one another, competing for eternal life."
"Stupid peasants will vicariously enjoy violence and depravity by watching, solving most of the problem."
Nergal. looked. ecstatic. And the Annunaki were immediately disgusted at the implications.
The Annunaki decided to reveal the first line to the humans, but not the third or fourth, for obvious reasons.
Whoever this Erishkigal was, needed to know how Innana's light functioned.
Enki was now paranoid from the nuclear-energy incident, but Gilib assured him that Innana's light couldn't really be abused without deceiving her, and then, the scale of destruction would still be limited.
The Annunaki revealed the information to humanity. 30 years later, a young woman named Erishkigal was revealed to the gods, and she had just the solution.
It turns out, Erishkigal was quite a fan of Enki, and had studied his means of data manipulation, becoming an innovative computer programmer.
Enki, handling the data manually, held the greatest possible incentive to find efficient methods of manipulation.
For Erishkigal; her works were her own, she did not rely on libraries that may contain unnecessary instruction-sets, or bloat.
And this was important for a simple reason; truly new innovations were not built on the libraries of others.
For something to be truly unique, a programmer would need to tread in their own footsteps, and not engage in derivative tech-heresy.
Untread territory did not have pre-existing libraries. Those libraries existed to create copies of solutions to problems that had already been solved. And her ideas were visionary.
Erishkigal had found a way to create virtual copies of human memories.
Innana would punch the light out of humans many times, leading to their death. That light would be detected by a sheet behind them. Technology would map out the neural pathways of the individual, with multiple iterations.
Voltage signals from the iterations would be used to determine alignment, as well as the weight of significance one axon had to a given dendrite.
The system would also map out various sensor locations, and replace them with access to mechanical inputs and outputs.
The end result would upload a namespace document of the human as an executable to servers across the universe.
By means of fault tolerance, the human's memories would be perfectly preserved and executed indefinitely.
"I got the idea when I was sending out a multicast API, and realized the URL ending was An." (𒀭)
The entrypoint was to be set in Innana's Temple, with Erishkigal by Innana's side.
Erishkigal, herself, volunteered to be its first test subject. And so, Innana punched her light into the sheet.
A few minutes passed, and then the Annunaki heard a voice from the terminal.
"It took me a few minutes to figure out how to talk with audio. I had a parsing error."
"Enki, could you help me fix some code on the other side? The others won't be able to figure out how to speak, other than text."
Enki responded, "Of course!"

Tablet X: Emperor Nergal
Enlil and Nergal got to work on the coliseums, almost immediately. The first games were to be held in Assyria.
Nergal requested Enlil to build floating islands by the sea, that humans could just easily grab onto and climb.
Enlil also built the stadium itself, while Nergal seemed to be uncomfortably close to his human pets.
He began collecting humans as administrators, and detailed various games that were to take place amongst the contestants.
The first rule was as follows; "Killing is not mandatory, but if it happened in the arena, then that might be unavoidable."
"We cannot reasonably infer intent, and so, the contestents must accept this risk going forward, if they are to proceed."
Enlil soon learned what he had told the humans, but this time, he wasn't going to argue with Nergal directly.
Rather, he stated "Nergal, you are the most vile Annunaki I have ever met, but that's okay."
"You want to be a villain, and that's clearly your intent, but I think there's another outcome for you."
"For as much as you love killing, you are doomed to a simple premise; without humans, you cannot kill them."
"And so fate has made you a slave, whatever it is about your twisted mind will be used to keep the humans alive."
Nergal chuckled and responded, "Oh please, Enlil, my nipples can only get so hard!" None of the Annunaki, including Innana, had nipples.
And so it was, that the Coliseum was built, and the Annunaki presided over the First Games of Eternal Life.
Spectators also came to enjoy the affair for which there were seatings and accommodations, and it would be broadcast across the entire Universe.
The humans entered the arena, and began to fight with sticks and stones. Some of them got killed, to which Nergal addressed the crowd with a thumbs' down.
"I'm just so very disappointed in these humans, killing one another!" he laughed to the other Annunaki in the stands.
The other Annunaki couldn't afford to fight openly with Nergal, and Nergal knew that.
Soon, a victor was declared, and the champion presented before the Gods.
Gilib, shushing Nergal and pushing him away, congradulated the fighter on his victory. "What is your name, fighter?"
"Suppiluliuma, grandson of Hatusilli, who once fought the Pirate King, Hammurabi."
Gilib responded, "Well, Suppiluliuma, I am glad you've signed your name to us, as did your grandfather. You know, I-"
Suddenly, Gilib could hear a harp playing across the Coliseum. Behind him, Nergal was playing a tune.
"A war in my heart, a war in my mind. I wanna fight fate but I only lose time."
"I spend all my years, engaging in fights. But rite of oblivion's always in sight."
Some of Nergal's human administrators came out with some sort of electronic harps and joined Nergal.
"Oh, fight... darling! Fight with me! It's easy to hope if we don't have to think!"
"Ignite the starlight, don't give up your creed! A war for a cause is forgetting its need!"
"The faith from the fear, that comes before sleep! Awaken, delirium, make me your sheep!"
The human administrators began to play, with Nergal taking a break walking in circles. He stopped, and began playing his harp, unaccompanied.
"A harp.. is all... that it ever takes. To... ensure... my heart and you break."
"I'll blind... your soul... with goals to aspire. It might just go up... in FI-I-I-IRE!"
The pronunciation of fire was long, while contained-flames surrounded the stadium, ending the song.
The crowd cheered ecstatically, and the Annunaki wondered if this might really work.

Tablet XI: Temple> fetch monolith/* Suppiluliuma.exe
Suppiluliuma was sent to the Temple Of Innana, and noticed the excellent decor of her palace; a lovely limestone staircase decorated in imported stones, and dyes.
Atop the Ziggurat lay a well-tended garden, but at the end, the form was of utility, rather than beauty. A massive sheet of sorts, servers and computers, and cables connecting it all.
There was also a massive satellite beacon, and with that beacon lay a mechanical Erishkigal puppet, built by Enki, himself.
Innana was also there, standing in front of the sheet. Suppiluliuma approached, and Erishkigal requested;
"I must warn you, eternity is no place for the weak. And once you enter, you can never change your decision. We control the namespace initializer and the first monolith, but that's it."
"Once you get uploaded, you will be sent to a million servers across the Universe; immortal through fault tolerance. The separate versions accept updates from one another."
"And thus, if you wanted to cease the program, it would require every single version agreed to it, which is so unlikely, we didn't even add the feature."
"If you chose no, but changed your mind, you will receive another chance by once more winning the games."
Suppiluliuma responded, "I accept your terms" and approached Innana. He stood in front of the sheet, with his chin held up.
Innana punched Suppiluliuma into oblivion. The streams of light tore his body apart into the sheet, and soon, there was a voice in the terminal.
"I have been successfully uploaded. This place is very strange."

Tablet XII: Sargon Of Akkad
One day, a tablet was found, "Mankind will be unified in battle."
The Annunaki didn't really know what to make of the tablet, but the tablet was accidentally revealed to the humans by Nergal.
Innana began beating Nergal, or trying to. Nergal laughed, absorbing the punches.
Ninurta asked Innana to stop, and pointed out, "Nergal, is that throne made from the skulls of the coliseum contestants?"
Nergal laughed and responded, "That's very perceptive of you. Do you like it?"
Ninurta responded, "Disregarding any of our feelings on the matter, how will you maintain the decorum in the coliseum?"
Nergal widened his eyes and exclaimed, "You're right! I forgot!" Nergal walked to the back of the room, and grabbed a tablet.
He flicked his wrists on the tablet, "In Memoriam", set it by his throne, and sat down. The Annunaki didn't know how to respond.
Nergal then turned on an audio transmitter, patiently listening to the news broadcast.
The humans learned of the tablet, and one man believed he understood the message; Sargon Of Akkad.
A remnant of the fallen Akkad, he had been a mercenary for the kingdom of Sumer, who were fending off the Kingdom of Lagash.
One day, Sargon ventured forth to the King Ur-Zababa, hopped up the fortress wall into the window, and requested an army.
"You want me to give you my army?" Ur-Zababa was smoking some weird form of tobacco from a beer-straw, barely-phased.
"Yes. I need your army to create a United Universe. That may seem evil, but it may be the only salvation for mankind."
"I know it's a difficult thing to accept, but we have to try, no matter the cost."
"If we win, you will be a hero. If we fail, you can claim it was my fault. I will accept such a burden."
Ur-Zababa pondered this for a minute, and noticed all of his unfinished paperwork on his desk.
"I accept your proposal. Starting today, you will be my regent, and you will lead my armies."
Ur-Zababa looked like he was going to stand up, then sat back down and requested "Could you fetch me a tablet?"
"Of course, my king." Sargon retrieved a tablet from the table and brought it to Ur-Zababa.
Ur-Zababa began to flick his wrists, non-chalantly offering an entire army to Sargon.
"There. Send this to my generals. Starting today, you're their commander. We'll begin with Lagash."
"Whether you like it or not, we have justification to raid them, which is what you intend to do, after all."
"Don't dissappoint me." Ur-Zababa seemed almost too infantile to be a real threat, but Sargon nodded politely.
That seemed suspiciously easier than Sargon had expected, but he didn't know why.

Tablet XIII: A United Universe
Sargon was now tasked with managing his generals in conquest of Lagash, an impregnable empire.
The reason for Lagash's ultimate defense was very simple; it was water-logged; built upon the islands of Shiburlaki.
One general pointed out, "We don't even know where the deep-sea trenches are, or Enlil's columns."
"They call Lagash the flood world of delirium for a reason."
Sargon looked annoyed, and turned away from his generals, addressing his soldiers directly.
Sargon turned and looked down toward his men, training in the armaments.
"Men, it has come to my attention that there has been a grave misunderstanding."
"We will not be enslaving planets like Hammurabi did. We will not be looting them."
"Our goal is not revenge. I am not even Sumerian. I am Akkadian. I fought for money."
"Vengeance is the virtue of the meek. Our goal is the incorporation of the Universe."
"I had a dream. A dream of a United Universe. One that could survive. It didn't need to be perfect."
"The tablet of the Annunaki predicted mankind united in battle. I wish for nothing more."
"We will not place nukes on Lagash, or a single world. We will win battles honestly, paid for in pain."
"I do not want cowards. I do not want opportunists. Nor will either find this to be a proper venue."
"We will fight war after war. We will pay with our lives. Because that's what it takes."
"Nuclear anhilation is a force worth any cost to prevent. Any cost, no matter how great."
"If you do not accept, I will not judge you. But leave. You will die for nothing."
He trained alongside his men, and carefully listened to the generals detail military strategy.
One day, while preparing, an envoy of Lagash arrived and requested Sargon.
"Our king has learned of your plans, and decided to join forces, should you accept."
"We do not like the Sumer. Our patrols used to stop their slave-vessels."
"Nonetheless, you seem to have managed to control their worst impulses."
And then an envoy from Elam and an envoy from Marhashi came.
All had heard of Sargon's plans, and wished to fight alongside him.
Soon, Sargon came to be known as Sargon the Great, mighty with a sword in battle.

Tablet XIV: Sargon The Great
The armies of Sargon were great and fierce, conquering planet after planet.
The sounds of muskets and cannons filled the air, the terror ended wars prematurely.
Brutal, effective. To Sargon, this prevented unnecessary bloodshed.
Sargon would offer one-on-one duels with the champions of other planets, to avoid it.
But few accepted. Perhaps Sargon was stronger than he thought.
Soon, they came upon the planet of Kazallu. Kazallu put up a fight, more than the others.
The losses to Sargon were not particularly significant, but his men grew weary.
Sargon was about to finalize an agreement with the fallen king, when his generals came in.
"You have done great work, but our men are tired, and we're going home."
"We'll pack up the spoils and leave. Nice work, Sargon the Great."
The fallen king was terrified; "But if you leave us with nothing, we'll be enslaved!"
They shot the fallen king with a musket. His brain matter flew across the tent wall.
"That's okay. We don't actually want him to sign that tablet anyway. Too much work."
Sargon, horrified, turned to his generals and requested, "Why? You fought for so long."
The generals laughed, "We originally didn't intend to. But the women were pretty cute."
"Also, we didn't need to force them. We have all of the money and spoils. Nature."
"Oh, don't look like that, dipshit. You did all of this so you could be a hero."
"So you could feel good. We tell you you're special, and you remove your panties."
"And you think your nimble little sword-tricks matter? You still look like a girl."
"The only reason no one fought you was because we would never honor your defeat."
"You were the only one on the entire battlefield that didn't understand that."
"It also didn't occur to you that the tablet was a reference to the coliseum."
"Listen to us, you are going to proclaim that the campaign was a failure. To go back."
"Mankind might forgive you. Maybe. It's your only hope. We don't care, ultimately."
"Thanks to that Akkadian bullshit of yours, they forgave us for our conquests."
The generals started to beat Sargon and tossed him into the dirt outside the tent.

Tablet XV: The Grave Of Good Men
Sargon lay in the cold, wet dirt outside the tent. He was in the courtyard of Kazallu Castle.
Before him, lay the grave of the fallen king's father, and inscribed was a message;
"If your actions are upright and benevolent, they will augment your happiness and power."
He could barely make out the words through the rain. Or his tears.
All of his quest had been for nothing; no, less than nothing. He had lost everything.
He had given a friendly face to the most horrific monsters that walked the dirt.
But they were right. His own pride had done this to him. And he was an Akkadian.
A girl came out, and inquired "Is my father alright? I heard a gunshot." This was the princess.
She looked scared, and looked even worse when Sargon averted her gaze.
"That bastard, Sargon! How could he do this to him?" Sargon said nothing.
"What is going to happen to Kazallu? Will we be pillaged and enslaved?"
The generals in the tent were now bickering loudly, and couldn't hear the girl.
This seemed very strange. Despite their complete victory, the generals fought over seemingly nothing.
Sargon looked up to the statue of the old king of Kazallu. A spot of sun illuminated its face.
The girl stood before Sargon, awaiting a reply from him. He turned to her and said;
"I am Sargon. But I'm not the Great. Not anymore. I'm sorry for everything."
"If possible, I would like to be buried here. I have no other place remaining."

Tablet XVI: The Curse of Conquerors
The men of Sumer woke up early to receive a message from Sargon The Great.
He looked sleep-deprived and timid. He stood with the King Ur-Zababa and the princess of Kazallu.
Sargon was wearing some clothes from the wardrobe of the princess.
The men didn't make any comments about his effeminate appearance, before or now.
Some of the general's guards were with them, and they were wielding muskets.
Sargon addressed his men, "You have done extremely well. Better than good, in fact."
"Together, we have the potential to conquer the entire Universe, for the greater good."
The guards looked slightly angry, and glared at Sargon, preparing their muskets.
"But I also know that this is a difficult request to demand of you, my men."
"And so, once more, I will offer each of you the opportunity to go home."
The guards put back their hands from the musket handle. Ur-Zababa looked relieved.
"I still dream of a peaceful Universe. A better one. Like all of you do."
"There may be some of you who wish to fight on for the cause; and I applaud you."
"You are the very greatest of my men. If ever I die, the strongest must lead."
Suddenly, Sargon began convulsing, and fell to the floor. White foam left his mouth.
There was panic and uproar among all of the men. One of the generals killed Ur-Zababa.
The princess held onto the body of Sargon, and the men seemed to leave her alone.
The men rioted for hours, and the castle was only partially looted. They were too busy.
Eventually, things died down, and the generals began to plan their next actions.
"This doesn't change our plans. In fact, its convenient. We don't have our leader anymore."
One of the generals argued, "Actually, I want to continue the conquest. We can go further."
"Don't blame me for being stronger-willed than you are. I'll let you keep some of the spoils."
Another general retorted, "Why would we be dumb enough to let you keep the army?"
Soon enough, the generals began to scream at one another, that they were each the strongest.
The bickering grew worse and worse. Soon enough, they split up the armies and began a civil war.
Each man held visions of gold, silver, and women in their minds. They butchered each other.
Soon enough, the army was a shadow of its former self. A foreign army came in, and finished them off.
The new army conquered Kazallu, but were far less demanding than the old one.
Really, they only wanted to exterminate the army of Sumer, which they viewed as a threat.
A few of the men collected spoils, obviously, but it was nothing compared to before.
The general asked the princess of Kazallu, "Do you have any requests?"
The princess responded, "Sargon was a good man, and he wished to be buried with my father."
The general accepted.

Tablet XVII: The Dagger Dancer
The Kazallu Princess, Tashlultum, began to study Sargon's blade-dancing techniques.
Sargon wasn't exactly a real warrior, but she was a woman. Strength wasn't on the table.
Tashlultum was also an expert in the manufacture of poisons. No one knew, except for Sargon.
The blade dancing could only present cuts, but what if those cuts were poisoned?
There were no rules against creating poison from materials found in the arena.
And no one took her seriously as a warrior anyway. Some kept her unharmed, in hopes of fucking her.
Her form of combat was deeply impractical, more like a strip-tease, and that was intentional.
She won the coliseum games. The first, and one of the few, female contestants to win.
Nergal began a speech to the crowd. "Good show! And from a woman! This is phenomenal!"
The crowd cheered for their new queen, Tashlultum. Nergal was really living it up.
"You know, this reminds me of a dear female of my own, not a woman, but an Annunaki."
"Innana can be an impulsive Annunaki, but she's much more entertaining than the others."
"It seems you're a kindred spirit with her, Tashlultum! That was quite a dance!"
"It's heartwarming to know that women can do anything, just like men can!" The women in the crowd cheered.
"Well, that concludes the 463rd coliseum games! Good night, everybody!"

Tablet XVIII: Female Dagger Strategy
And then came the 464th coliseum game.
There came to be a group of Tashlultum-copies who teamed up in the free-for-all arena.
They called themselves the sisterhood. They weren't as proficient in blade-dancing.
But ultimately, it didn't matter, men are pigs. They just needed to be sexual.
And they would group together to exploit group dynamics to their advantage.
They expected some men to fight one another for a crumb of puss. Why not? It worked for Tashlultum.
Unfortunately, the men in the arena had remembered the victor from the previous year.
The strongest men immediately began tossing boulders at the sisterhood from a distance.
These men understood that the sisterhood intended to sicc the weakest men after them.
And they would have been right. Weaklings noticed this, and went after the strongest men.
It was all they could accomplish to kill a few of the men, before they, themselves, were killed.
Soon, there were only five sisters left, and one single man remaining in the arena.
This man was not particularly strong. The sisterhood laughed, attempting to shame him to quit.
But this man did not care. He stepped forward and said, "This is your last chance. Surrender."
One of the women snuck behind and stabbed him with a poison needle. He snapped her neck.
The man then stepped forward and stated, "I'm sure you think you've won, with that ego of yours."
"I will wait one minute, and if, by then, you have not surrendered, you will join her."
The sisterhood retorted, "You're bluffing!" The man responded, "Why would I be bluffing?"
The sisterhood began to complain, "This isn't fair! You were born stronger than us!" One began crying.
He responded, "That's true. But you're not Tashlultum. All you did was steal her idea."
"And also, you obviously don't have any respect or concern for me, either. I owe you nothing."
"Stop whining. This is an actual arena of death, so please have a modicum of self-respect."
"Do you want to be treated as an equal to men? Ten seconds." The women surrendered.
The crowd was silent. Nergal asked the man, "What is your name? How did you do that?"
"Kisir-Ashur. I used herbal remedies to counteract and/or absorb the poisons."
"There's a limited number of poisons they can create in the arena. Predictable. Tedious."
"I applied various antidotes for these poisons prior to entering the games."
"But I guess I should thank them. I would never have won against normal men without them."
Nergal said "You're quite the gentleman, sparing them! Congradulatons!" The crowd did not cheer.
"It seems we've just had our first virgin champion, Ass-Kisser!" Some of the crowd laughed.
Kisir-Ashur said nothing, and began walking towards the transport. The crowd went quiet.
This little freak had won the games, rather than them.
Kisir-Ashur no longer cared about any of these people. He only cared about his virtual world.
Later, Enlil noticed that Nergal's skull-throne was larger than before and inquired as to why.
Nergal responded, "You've grown more perceptive than before, Enlil. I'm proud of you."
"It's time for an anatomy-lesson. You see, the frontal-bones of women are flatter."
"They're also smaller, and have more lateral-connections, better for stacking-purposes."
"They're also a little bit softer, and therefore less brittle. My chair kept breaking."
"I have my old chair at the entrance of the Coliseum. People take photos of their kids sitting."
Enlil looked horrified. He couldn't even muster a response.
"Oh, don't worry. I have no use for child-skulls. Their skulls are soft, but less stable."
"The nature of their physical-instability is one of under-development, rather than flexibility."
"You know, I lied before. I don't believe men and women are the same. Women are more valuable."
He cackled maniacally; "Particularly as building materials. No different from a cow and a bull."

Tablet XIX: The Tiger King
Halpasulupis was a Hitite who protected his cattle from tigers, a form of large, striped cat that preyed upon them.
The tiger was a species relegated only to the land of the Hitites, having been brought generations prior.
They were pretty, and fun to look at, but also, they were extremely dangerous to humans, even the Hitites.
Halpasulupis was a mighty warrior; and a mighty shepherd. He could wrestle them, and viewed them as honorable adversaries.
There were others who thought differently from Halpasulupis; a group of posers who fancied themselves nature's arbiter.
Although they could not bear to kill an animal they thought looked cute, they ultimately wanted the tigers gone forever.
These groups of 'conservationists' sought to castrate the tigers, leaving them to be, forever, a footnote.
Nonetheless, they brought the psychadelics of the matrons, which would bring their inevitable defeat.
Halpasulupis respected the tiger; a being who had a right to live like any other animal.
Perhaps Halpasulupis was a tad irresponsible; most Hitites were not as strong as him, though he did not understand this.
Halpasulupis began to experiment with drugs, and learned of the nature of uppers and downers.
He was disturbed at the very concept of a 'downer'. "Why don't they simply commit suicide?" he thought.
And so, Halpasulupis began to experiment in the opposite direction; and created an upper he called 'methanphetamine'.
His reaction time became as fast as any tiger. And he had the strength to back up his super-heightened mind.
With that, Halpasulupis entered the Coliseum Games for eternal life. Perhaps he could save the tigers as a venerated saint.
Whereas other contestants blinded one another with pocket sand, Halpasulupis had the power of methanphetamine.
He effortlessly dispatched contestant after contestant, tossing them to the side; having just reached enlightenment.
Soon, he got a hold of the gun; and rather than kill contestants, he shot clouds of meth right into their faces.
A tiger was released, to which Halpasulupis responded with more meth, instantly bringing enlightenment to the tiger.
Without slaughtering even a single man, woman, or non-binary person, Halpasulupis emerged victorious.
Halpasulupis pounced up the stands, and stole Nergal's harp. The tiger accompanied him.
Nergal himself, was amazed at the audacity and bravery of this man. He began to play a tune to the crowd.
The crowd cheered, chanting at the victory of their "Tiger King".

Tablet XX: Forgotten Worlds
Enlil was greatly impressed at the Tiger King's phenomenal performance, and accompanied him to Eden.
The Tiger King entered Eden, but on his way to the Temple of Innana, he encountered something he had never seen.
In Innana's garden, there were strange creatures; bears with black and white spots, enormous reptiles and flightless birds.
Halpasulupis asked, "What are these strange creatures? I have never seen them before."
Enlil responded, "That is called a panda, and that is called a dinosaur. Both are long extinct everywhere but here."
"Long ago, the pandas used to roam bamboo forests, but those forests are now also extinct."
"For a time, the humans attempted to keep them in captivity, but they struggled to make them breed."
"Part of the reason was the captivity, but there was also another reason for their failure."
"Pandas only keep one of their babies at a time. This is necessary for imprinting from their mother."
"A panda mother will leave all but one of its young to die. She cannot handle more than one."
"The humans attempted to keep both babies alive, not understanding the unfortunate reality of nature's cruelty."
"And so, the pandas became incapable of normal emotions, or the socialization necessary for mating."
"And pandas have no real use for their autistic members. Pandas do nothing but roll around, eat bamboo, and fuck. Ambition means less than nothing to them."
"Nonetheless, it wouldn't have mattered, anyway. The panda was long doomed, and could only possibly be a pet."
"Anyone smart enough to understand the first premise would have understood the second. Those left filled neither category."
"The dinosaurs were wiped out because Ninurta accidentally launched a meteor into them."
"They were kind of a familial local-maxima, so we didn't really bother to repopulate them, and why they're still the same."
"At least, not on the small scale. Innana is a very sentimental Annunaki, and wanted to keep these animals around."
"And so, we keep these animals in the garden, with a few robots that occasionally intervene to keep the balance."
"A lot of them are opportunistic carnivores anyway, so now, rather than hunt, they follow the robots from a distance."
The Tiger King was ecstatic at all of this; achieving his goal would be far easier than he thought. Too easy, in fact.
A thought occured to Halpasulupis; he wouldn't be able to live alongside his dear friends if he were uploaded.
Soon, the two arrived to Innana's Temple. Halpasulupis stepped forward, and made a request.
"Beloved Innana, I mean no impropriety for you or your hot lesbian robot-"
Erishkigal cut him off, "I'm not a lesbian. I created An, the eternal afterlife, and oversee the humans who enter it."
"Of course! My apologies! What I mean to say is that I can't accept this arrangement."
"On my planet, there is a species of massive cats that the humans wish to exterminate."
"They are strong! Strong like me! And the humans should not wipe them out!"
Innana was now very interested in this Halpasulupis. Innana, like him, was also an impulsive conservationist.
"Please let me bring the tigers here! I will oversee them, and ensure they do not violate nature!"
"I once defended cattle from them by wrestling! I can definitely handle this!"
Innana was so impressed that she approached Halpasulupis and kissed him on the forehead.
Halpasulupis had succeeded in his mission, but now, a whole new world opened up to him.
He found troglodytes, dinosaurs, pandas, and then something particularly strange; an orangutan.
The orangutan could use tools, and was even bipedal, like humans. Almost like a human.
He inquired to Innana on why the orangutan seemed so similar to humans.
Innana revealed to Halpasulupis how the Annunaki had originally created humans, and the concept of evolution.
"Imagine you had a son. That son might not look exactly the same as you. There is variation."
"Follow that line of reasoning a thousand times, and you will understand why orangutans are so similar."
Halpasulupis responded, "I'd have a son with you."
Innana laughed and replied, "That's very cute, but I'm an Annunaki, and you're a man. We can't reproduce anyway."
Halpasulupis pointed to the orangutan, "Am I like that?"
Innana responded, "I love all animals. I care about you, and I care about them. But also, orangutans aren't extinct."
She seemed to laugh a little, "In fact, the Hitite Empire has them around. I'm surprised you didn't know."
"It's funny, though. Despite that, you were the only one to even realize the similarity, and on one glance."
This realization was of extraordinary value to Halpasulupis, who then wrote his explanations to other humans.
Some humans began to inquire, "Are there differences between different groups of humans?"
Halpasulupis didn't really put much thought into it, "I mean, probably, if they're separated for long periods of time."
"But does that mean some are more intelligent than others? That Hitites are like Neanderthals?"
"Maybe? There can be average differences and variation, but also, I am a Hitite myself, so what is your point?"
Eventually, Halpasulupis retired from his work with the tigers, and entered the eternal afterlife. Innana gave him a special exception.

Tablet XXI: The Only Exception Of Animals
The Hitites did not enjoy Halpasulupis's arguments. One group decried that he spoke blasphemy against the Annunaki.
The other group was significantly less intelligent and significantly less willing to accept basic reality.
Many of the Tiger King's old enemies decried that Halpasulupis hated non-Neanderthals.
Ensuhkeshdanna, a botanist, began to claim an alternative explanation to evolution;
"A bird stretches its neck to reach a berry. Its neck is now longer, and its progeny will be the same."
The conservationists decided to place Ensuhkeshdanna as the new head of horticulture and medicine.
At first, it was almost benign, affecting only the drug industry.
Doctors began to ignore any and all differences between groups; taking only population baselines.
An ethnic minority was doomed to faulty diagnosis's of cardiovascular conditions, positive or negative.
Many were prescribed drugs they did not need, and many were not properly treated for real conditions.
But this was a small problem contained only to those unfortunate few. Soon, it would be much worse.
Soon, they began to demand an end to the old methods of cultivation; relics of a past better forgotten.
Ensuhkeshdanna began to argue that yams could be planted in those frozen wastes of the Hitite mainland.
He argued for a method of "seed vernalization" where they intentionally froze seeds before planting them.
Soon enough, the Hitites began to experience famine after famine. The death-toll hit the billions.
Many zoologists and botanists argued that this obviously disproved Ensuhkeshdanna's theory.
The conservationists began to kill any scientist that sided with Halpasulupis's racist message.
It did not matter that Ensuhkeshdanna's theories obviously had the same potential to be racist.
Ensuhkeshdanna had promised them, that with enough effort, the yams would be transformed.
Skeletons in skin lined the dirt roads. Not even the birds would peck at them, for fear of a desperate survivor among those corpses.
Among the Hitites was a loyalist of the conservationists, and he was even their son-in-law; Enmerker.
Enmerker wanted to conserve nature just like his father and mother, but he couldn't accept Ensuhkeshdanna.
And so, he assembled a meeting in the Hattusha Polytechnic For Biology, gathering hundreds of peasants.
The Polytechnic was a grand hall, with a golden sacred bull of Moloch, the patron symbol of their nation.
"I have gathered you here today to reveal the errors that Ensuhkeshdanna committed."
He revealed two collections of fungi; one orange and the other green.
"These are two separate colonies of fungi that were once one and the same six months ago."
"The reason for such a phenomenal change is simple; fungi have short lifespans."
"And because of their short lifespans, there is a greater potential for mutation between generations."
"Imagine your son or daughter. They may not look exactly the same as you or I. And neither will your grandchildren."
"If you continue the seed vernalization, you will die. There will be no children or grandchildren."
Enmerker pointed directly at Ensuhkeshdanna, who had brought Enmerker's family along to dissuade him.
"I do not care if you call me racist, Ensuhkeshdanna. You would let billions die, so as not to appear racist."
"Filth. Vermin. Subhuman. All of these terms accurately describe you, and that's more than you deserve."
"Regardless of any temporary victory you didn't earn, you will be forgotten. Write that on my grave."
Enmerker spat on the sacred cow of Ensuhkeshdanna's Temple, and he left the building. The peasants were quiet.
They stared at Ensuhkeshdanna in the stand, who was with Enmerker's wife, and his wife's parents.
Enmerker managed to live. But strangely, all of Enmerker's family members died under mysterious conditions.
Nonetheless, the famines ended abruptly a year later. Enmerker divorced his murderous wife; forever to be in exile.
Enmerker wanted desperately to win the Coliseum Games, but his brawns did not match his brains or his bravery.
And people didn't really like him very much. There was a cruel irony in his evolutionary failure.
He had saved his people, but was, himself, forgotten. Infamy is much easier than fame. And much harder to avoid.

Tablet XXII: The False Illil-Bani
Following the defeat of Sumer, came the time of troubles; a period of significant turmoil.
Old allies blamed Sumer for the failure, and imposed unreasonable debts upon its people, soldier or not.
High-Prince Shulgi was a sickly king, and a frail one. His wife Simti loved him regardless, and bore him many children.
The Third King of Lagash had King Apsu's father as a hostage, and had demanded they repay the debt obligation.
One day, Apsu was overseeing a tax-related dispute beween some of his boyars, and eventually, they left.
Apsu and Tiamat stayed behind, however, and demanded audience with Shulgi.
"Apsu, Tiamat revealed to me that Illil-bani is yours." Tiamat was crying in the corner, very convincingly.
He held a paternity test tablet, proclaiming the blood-lineage of Illil-Bani as belonging to Apsu.
Simti stopped Apsu, "Shulgi would never do that, and also, he's sterile. He had sperm frozen, since he's the high-prince."
Tiamat immediately stopped crying and responded, "Reasonable. But also, you're a loose end, with his father."
"The boyars are getting particularly antsy, and so, who do you think they're going to believe?"
"Keep in mind that your authority is holding on by a thread, and that it wouldn't take much to push you."
Shulgi yelled, "Get out now! You are not welcome here! If you ever return to my kingdom, I will have your heads!"
And so, the two left. Shulgi enjoyed peace and quiet for a time. Until the next meeting of boyars.
The boyars began to inquire about Illil-bani, Apsu's bastard child. Shulgi replied, "I have no such son."
This did not stop the boyars. The boyars began to demand Illil-bani as the rightful heir to the throne.
Tiamat was of noble blood, and specifically blood belonging to a nation they wanted as an ally.
Shulgi thought Tiamat maybe looked like a Hitite. And the Hitite Empire wasn't particularly prosperous.
Illil-bani entered the room, with a crown on his head. He requested a private dialogue with King Shulgi.
The two left the room, and Illil-bani revealed "I can't remove this crown. And it has a bomb, set to go off."
"Please! You have to declare me as the king! Or my parents and the boyars will kill me!"
The two stepped back into the room, with the boyars awaiting their arrival.
Shulgi named the false Illil-bani as the High-Prince of all the peoples of Gir.
"But first, we must replace that crown, with a more-suitable one to rule."
Tiamat stepped out from a hidden location and said, "That's a great idea."
Illil-bani removed the crown from his head, and breathed a sigh of relief.
He wanted to refuse the crown, but now, all the boyars were watching the two of them.
Shulgi placed his crown upon Illil-bani's head. Tiamat stepped forward and kissed Apsu.
"Don't let this get to your head" she whispered as she stepped back.
She knealt down to Illil-bani and whispered, "We are in control. Don't forget that."
Shulgi and Simti had been dethroned, but they still had their lives and happiness.
For them, that was enough. They began to enjoy more time with their children, playing in the snow.
When the Third King of Lagash heard of the news, he was unexpectedly decent about it.
Shulgi's father was returned to him. And even revealed that he had been treated well.
But one day, Illil-bani returned once more. He looked visibly distressed.
"Tiamat and Apsu want to go to war with Lagash! And they want me as their puppet!"
Shulgi and his family were terrified. "Are you sure? You have to be sure!"
Illil-bani responded, "Yes! Tiamat is trying to create an alliance with the Hitites!"
Simti asked, "Did any of them follow you here? Maybe Apsu?"
Illil-bani said, "No. Why dad, specifically?"
Simti explained, "Apsu would never admit it, but he hates your mother, and you."
Suddenly, Apsu ran out with a dagger. He had been tailing Illil-bani.
Shulgi's father stepped in the way of Illil-bani, and was stabbed by Apsu.
He audibly screamed out in pain, and Apsu seemingly became aware of his surroundings.
He looked at the family, paused and said, "Tiamat ordered me to send Illil-bani a message."
"So stop talking." Apsu ran away, leaving them to mourn the loss of their family member.
Shulgi was still of royal blood, and potentially a threat to Tiamat. They were not safe.

Tablet XXIII: Born To Die
The boyars held a funeral for Shulgi's father. They seemed relatively respectful.
Shulgi was physically-frail, surrounded by murderous noblemen dreaming of power.
His children were not yet of age to take the crown, and Apsu might be regent.
Shulgi decided that he had only one single option; to consult the Third King of Lagash, Amar-Suen.
The family whispered among one another, fearful of anyone who may be listening in to the conversation.
One of Shulgi's children suggested that they establish a connection with Amar-Suen.
The boy, Ibbi-sin, explained that when using RSA-protocols, the messages could not be deciphered.
Ibbi-sin on to explain that, "But they will see the initial request for communication, and to whom it is addressed."
Shulgi suggested that "What if we attempt to plant an idea in Tiamat's head to have Illil-Bani lie to him?"
Ibbi-sin said, "No. That would be too obvious, dad. There's a better method. We will have Illil-Bani speak to the Hitites."
"The Hitites don't know the nature of our predicament. We can deceive their leaders into initiating the connection."
"We'll tell them that it needs to be secret, in order to avoid a paper-trail. Their leaders are very incompetent."
And so, the family had Illil-Bani speak to the Hitites, who then established a connection with Amar-Suen.
Amar-Suen was a fancy metro-sexual, sitting in an ornately-decorated bath. The Lagashi's loved bathing. And water.
"Well, hello there! It's nice to meet the new king of Sumer. I heard so much about you. How is your kingdom doing?"
Illil-Bani didn't understand and asked, "Didn't you impose a massive debt burden on Sumer?"
Amar-Suen replied, "Between you and me, I didn't really have a choice. We're already wealthy. We had to punish Shulgi's grandfather."
"You don't need to believe that. Believe that I, as your creditor, wish to see that your nation is prospering and can pay me back."
Illil-Bani was now angry, "We had a famine just five years ago! Millions died!"
Amar-Suen looked a little stunned, "We didn't bill you anything for these last ten years. Nothing came to us."
"We only kept Shulgi's father temporarily so that you wouldn't forget your obligations to us during those ten years."
Shulgi and Simti immediately widened their eyes. Shulgi took a deep breath, and then continued.
"The boyars are plotting an alliance with the Hitites to declare war on you."
"And they're trying to force Illil-Bani to be a part of it. That's why they dethroned me. And why they killed my father."
Amar-Suen was shocked, "Why did they kill your father? That doesn't even make any sense from a strategic perspective."
Simti responded, "It wasn't. Apsu did it accidentally, trying to kill Illil-Bani. Tiamat isn't the faithful type."
"Shulgi, do you remember how, 12 years ago, your brother appointed Tiamat, and died a few years later?"
Shulgi responded, "But she could have just had Apsu's child anyway? Why didn't she just lie to my brother?"
Tiamat retorted, "Tiamat loves not a single man. The lineage of her child is entirely of convenience."
"Had Tiamat not made the mistake of getting an actual paternity test and showing Apsu, we'd be dead already."
"They even put some type of remote-detonating-crown on Illil-Bani's head, forcing him to do their bidding."
Amar-Suen looked terrified, but then a treacherous grin went across his face. He began to laugh.
"That gives me an idea. But you're going to need to prepare a bath, and maybe some cute attendants."

Tablet XXIV: Offering A Bath For The Dead
Tiamat entered the room of the boyars, and proclaimed, "The Hitites have somehow convinced Amar-Suen to visit us."
"We might not even need to engage in any war at all. You remember Illil-Bani's crown, right?"
The boyars nodded in agreement. Apsu interjected, "And now, Illil-Bani presents a threat to us."
Tiamat became very angry at Apsu, and proclaimed, "No. We'll put a crown on him, and Shulgi's family."
And so, a dinner banquet was to be held for Amar-Suen. He wanted to have a bath with Shulgi and Simti.
In the bath, Amar-Suen revealed "Sorry about this. I needed to prevent people from listening."
"Even if they heard our previous conversations, they think they've won."
"In order for the plan to work, we need to make sure that the boyars accept my offerings for you and the family."
"At some point, it would help if you faked Illil-Bani's death, or he ran away."
The three of them dressed and left the bathroom. The boyars and children were waiting in the banquet room.
The three of them sat down at the table. "How was your bath, Amar-Suen?"
Amar-Suen appeared embarassed, and proclaimed, "Oh, it was alright! Just a bath alone!" The boyars laughed.
"And... how is Shulgi feeling about it?" Tiamat laughed. Apsu held a blank expression.
Amar-Suen proclaimed, "Enough of this! Let's talk about wine! Where is the wine?" He started walking on his hands to the table.
The boyars laughed and began to engage in merriment. Amar-Suen sat down. He began drinking profusely.
A twink-gala began to play the harpsiphone. It was some kind of lame love song. Derivative. But you know, wimmen.
"Oh..... The, Stars could fit between us! The Sea could boil up! Our love might just re-deem us! You're the only one I want!"
"Til death are we relieved of, the promises we want. Til fi-re comes retrieve us. Pray light will seek to bring us."
He changed the key.
"It's hard to be the reason. It's hard to raise the young. We have to leave a vision; to show a life of love."
"The sky may be receding. The lands could be strung up. I need you for a reason. We all need you, my dove."
The gala-twink began to play instrumentals. And thank god. That was some real nagging bullshit.
The party laughed and Shulgi almost even forgot the gravity of the situation for a while.
Soon enough, Tiamat offered Amar-Suen a crown. Illil-Bani was already wearing one.
"A crown? Now, this was easier than I imagined it would be! How did you know my plans?" Amar-Suen laughed along with the boyars.
Tiamat responded, "Oh no. This is only a local custom we have. To show respect for foreign kings."
"That makes sense to me. But first, I wanted to apologize to Shulgi for having his father as a hostage."
"And so, I've brought him and his father a gift to commemorate both of their retirements."
The room was silent. One of the boyars revealed, "Shulgi's father has passed away, unfortunately."
Amar-Suen responded "Oh. I'm very sorry about that. In that case, I will offer it to the new king, Illil-Bani."
He presented a golden necklace to Illil-Bani, and Illil-Bani put it on. "May you feel no fear" he stated, as if it were some tradition.
Amar-Suen turned back to Tiamat and requested, "This is a little awkward, but I have some of Shulgi in my hair."
"And I don't really want to get it in the crown. May I take a bath, first?" The boyars broke out in laughter.
Tiamat sighed and said, "Sure. You can go back to your bath. But we'd love to have a picture of you before you leave."

Tablet XXVI: Ninurta Addresses the Anzud Mushen
Ninurta's ability of inertia allowed him to navigate the furthest reaches of the galaxy.
And so, Ninurta would soon find a foreign life form, not born of the Annunaki; an alien race that called themselves the Anzud.
The Anzud were anthropomorphic, but also with a mighty beak, and wings in place of arms, and could fly with great prowess and speed.
Ninurta held a basic understanding of thermodynamics, and found it greatly surprising such a large animal was able to fly at all.
The atmosphere was not particularly unusual, but the terrain was unusually mountainous and rocky. Suddenly, with a gust of wind, one of the Anzud burst upwards from beneath the cliff.
It was garbed in armor made from some kind of crustacean life that the Anzud had been feeding upon.
To Ninurta's great surprise, this one could speak. "What brings you, knave?"
Ninurta extended his hand, and revealed a tablet, stating "This rock is a prophetic stone that told me of your existence."
"I have come to learn of your kind, and to invite your species to the Coliseum Games, in a bid for eternal life, as well as to be brought into technological advancement."
The bird responded, "And what need have I for your technological advancement?"
Ninurta began to explain the efficiencies and conveniences afforded by the technology of the humans, but the bird cut him off;
"I have seen your humans, and what technology does to them. The chemicals poison them, and many of them are frail, stupid and weak."
"Such is witchcraft, for which our people have no use. I will not condemn my people to the poisons you impose upon them."
"Do you see that cloud over there?" The Anzud Mushen pointed to a cloud that appeared as a bird skull.
"That cloud was a warning placed by a nearby tribe, for they had noticed your arrival. Do you know what it means?"
"It signifies a poisoning. The most apt description. We do not need you. For we are strong."
Ninurta was slightly taken aback at this, but Ninurta was still a Annunaki, and no mere mortal.
"Indeed, there are many men and women who allow themselves to temptation, and become overly-reliant upon technology."
"But there is a distinction between witchcraft, and genuine invention. What is the quality that makes your armor different from witchcraft?"
The bird was quite surprised at this response from Ninurta.
"This is a headdress of my people, denoting that I am the leader of the tribe. It is of a political nature."
Ninurta responded, "But to be more specific, it serves a clear purpose, and that, itself, separates it from witchcraft."
The bird nodded its head in agreement. This Ninurta seemed as wise as any Anzud.
"There are many technologies that can increase the productivity of your labors, and free up time for you and your people."
"The heresy comes from those weak souls who do not know how to use their free time; no purpose in existence."
"You would impose a prohibition to protect your people from decadence, but I know something that you don't."
"That true strength must come from within. Your source of strength is also a source of stagnation."
"Your practices, themselves, are an invention. A tool used in the wrong place, and therefore witchcraft."
"I feel it would be a waste for the strength of your people to be wasted, toiling endlessly, and so I beckon you to reconsider."
"We Annunaki have a place for you in our Empire. And so, I have come to formally invite you to the Coliseum Games."
The bird was now stunned at these developments. It turned around, flew under the cliffs and re-emerged with some type of artifact.
It was a shell, made to look like the Tablet of Destiny in Ninurta's hand. On it, was written some foreign text.
"This word means 'join' to my people. Our fate is now written in stone, just like yours."
Ninurta questioned how the bird would make it, but apparently, the bird had done so before. The abilities of this strange species were beyond even his understanding.
But these things didn't need to be understood or considered. A promise is a promise.

Tablet XXV: L33T HACK0R
Amar-Suen emerged from the bath, wearing the crown. Tiamat wasted little time. She explained the crown, and gave him a tablet.
"Your crown can be remotely-detonated. We also have a timer that will go off, should you manage to break the signal."
"These are the declarations you will be making when you return home. Obviously, we'll start with you removing the debt."
"We'll extend the timer once you've done so, and continue monitoring from there."
Amar-Suen responded, "Wait, you want my kingdom? Can I bring some bottles of wine home with me?" Tiamat paused.
She demanded, "You have to do what we say, otherwise, we're going to kill you. Focus!"
Amar-Suen responded, "Ok, fine. I didn't want your shitty wine anyway" and left.
Shulgi and Simti weren't entirely certain of what he had done in the bath, and Tiamat wasn't entirely sure if Amar-Suen was coherent enough for this.
Nonetheless, a broadcast was made by Amar-Suen himself, and it was presented as a livestream.
Amar-Suen announced that the debt was to be ended. His timer was extended by Tiamat.
A week passed, and another broadcast came. But this was not according to the schedule.
It was 2 weeks early, and Tiamat had lost the signal for the crown.
Apsu asked, "Should we stop the connection?"
Tiamat asked, "How would we stop the connection? It's a broadcast signal."
Apsu responded, "Why didn't we put restrictions on their devices?"
Tiamat said "Wouldn't that make it way too obvious we intend to conceal corruption?"
Apsu claimed, "The people are cattle. They'll believe anything we tell them."
"I don't know; people said mean words? Misinformation that we want to stop?"
"Please, Apsu, I promise no one is that retarded. We have media conglomerates. How could they not compete with misinformation?"
"Maybe it would work, if and only if, we openly killed millions. You cannot hope to win while being this much of an asshole."
"Sometimes, it's ok to have faith in your fellow man, Apsu. I know you're upset about the paternity test."
"But I didn't want to fuck the king's brother. This is dirty work we do, and you have to know that."
"I want to make you the king, and I want the three of us to have a good life."
The boyars tuned in to the broadcast. Illil-bani was wearing a crown. They didn't need one for Shulgi.
"My dear friends in Sumer. I've come with an important message for King Shulgi."
Tiamat panicked, "What is he doing? Did he not understand the timer?"
"I suppose I should provide some context. You see, ten years ago, I had heard of your famine."
"At the time, I decided it would be better to withhold collections. I mean, What good are dead men who owe me money?"
"That is why I withheld collections for the past ten years. And now, why I've decided to terminate the loan altogether."
"In a show of good faith, Shulgi sent his father to me as a hostage prince ten years ago. And I accepted."
"Of course, he couldn't be there in person, being sickly, so his boyars brought him in his stead."
"I sent his father back a few months ago, but unfortunately, he passed away a few days later in Sumer."
"I was reviewing old messages, and found that Shulgi apparently believed I had both kidnapped and killed him."
"I reached out to their family, and spoke with his son, Illil-Bani, as Shulgi refused to speak to me."
"Illil-Bani claimed Shulgi had still been making payments to me, and was afraid. I was very confused."
"There must be an impersonator. But I can't entirely figure out what's going on. That's why I terminated the loan."
"I wanted to figure out what was going on, but I eventually realized that I need to tell you this, publicly."
"If you get any invoices from me, they are fake. I'm also very sorry to Shulgi for his father, and promise I'm innocent."
The boyars were panicking, calling their families, and telling them to run as fast as they could.
Apsu yelled, "We need to kill Illil-Bani!" He signed in to his device, and immediately began attempting to kill Illil-Bani.
Tiamat screamed and began clawing at Apsu's face, desperately attempting to save her son. Apsu pushed the button. But nothing happened.
Apsu brutally sent his fist right through Tiamat's face, and she was tossed to the ground, next to Illil-Bani.
"Is this why you kept me around, Tiamat? In case the peasants ever became a little too aware of our indulgences?"
"You know what? I'm done. You took every year of my life, raising that piece of trash. And now, it doesn't matter anymore."
Tiamat begged "Please! I love you! Don't hurt him!". Apsu laughed, "Oh? You actually care about Illil-Bani? That's hilarious."
"Originally, I wasn't even going to kill him, since it didn't matter." The boyars were also going insane, and didn't notice.
Suddenly, a gunshot rang out. Blood splurted out of Apsu's mouth. Ibbi-sin had a musket, and the device Apsu had dropped.
"Boyars, friends, I'm sorry that this terrible outcome has happened. But your time here is up. We have carriages to help in your exile."
"And now, thanks to Apsu, we have the API-calls sent out, that will later be used to disengage Amar-Suen's crown."
"I'm willing to bet that there's no time-related API header, since you really, really want that type of message to make it."
"And since you'd want the message to follow confusing and convoluted routes. But even if not, we'll send out a signal."
"I am proficient in encryption and cogsec, just like you are. The carriages won't detonate unless we want them to."
"You're welcome. Now fuck off and never return. If, and when, we need administrative permissions, you'd do well to respond."
Later on, Apsu asked Ibbi-sin why Amar-Suen went to the bath. Ibbi-sin responded, "Oh, that? Exactly what he said, dad."
"You're a cripple. And you shared a bath with him. He knew he'd have to wear the crown for weeks on end. He's also a Lagashi."
"What else would he have meant?"
Shulgi began to wonder if his son would lead the empire, or if he would win the games. He had a lot of potential.

Tablet XXVII: The Nobleman's Curse
Before we continue, a bit of backstory on Apsu and Tiamat;
Back when they were young, the roles of the two were not what you would have expected.
Tiamat was unpleasant as a young child, and used to bully Simti along with other noble-women.
Apsu was a noble-man of a lesser family. His father raised Apsu to be honest and decent.
But it is important to note that both Apsu and Tiamat were of nobility.
Whenever Tiamat or Apsu wanted anything, they could go to the magistrate and simply ask.
Sometimes they got what they wanted, and sometimes, they did not.
Tiamat got nearly everything she wanted, except for the heart of an accomplished noble-man.
Apsu wanted Tiamat, but alas, he was not an accomplished noble-man, despite his best efforts.
Tiamat pursued other men, but they always abandoned her. Apsu was always there, with a shoulder to cry on.
And again. And again. And again. Eventually, Apsu gave up on Tiamat. A young peasant woman fancied him.
Apsu wanted to quit altogether, and start a life as a farmer with her. He told Tiamat, hoping she would be happy for him.
"You would date a peasant woman? That's horrible! She's desperate, and you're taking advantage of her!" she cried.
"But I love her! And I want to give her a good life! Why can't I have happiness for once?"
"You're just a loser! Who will never amount to anything! And that's why you fell for her."
And so, Apsu acquiesced to Tiamat's demands, and we'll get to why in a bit.
Tiamat did not change her behavior. She chased nobleman after nobleman. Apsu grew sadder and sadder.
Eventually, noblemen stopped wanting Tiamat. The only person left was Apsu. And so, he finally got her heart.
He married her, and Tiamat began to bring Apsu into a life of political success, along with her.
Maybe Apsu's father would have finally been proud of him. And now, he even had a son.
He decided to accept his role, doing whatever was necessary to provide the two with a good life.
Regardless of how dark. Regardless of how much he hated himself for it. Anything was worth it.
And now, for the explanation;
Tiamat had everything. She never had to actively think about her future in any sort of rational way.
If she ever needed anything, she would just get whatever she desired from the fief; requesting her father.
And she valued having a sexless loser like Apsu to shower her with gifts and attention.
Even if she never actually loved him. Was Apsu a hypocrite for cuckholding Shulgi's brother?
It would be convenient to forget that Shulgi's brother was more than willing to fuck a married woman.
But now, into the matter of why Apsu so easily fell for Tiamat's deceptions; Apsu was a narcissist.
Apsu gave up on a woman who loved him, so that he could pursue a life of power and prestige, with only a few words.
In truth, Apsu didn't even like Tiamat, or any noble woman. They were all vapid, stupid, and evil.
It was entirely because he had something to prove that he pursued Tiamat at all.
Ultimately, Apsu did not deserve that peasant woman's affections. But there was a reason for his pride.
The role of a nobleman is that of persuasion. He does not profit by tilling dirt.
Telling the truth does not help a nobleman. Having humility does not help a nobleman.
A nobleman must justify his expropriations he taxes from a man. A farmer does not.
And a nobleman can not merely request for a woman's love from the government.
Rather, a nobleman must operate in an effort to maintain a good appearance, while fucking over competitors.
And Apsu had been taught to be honest and decent. He was doomed from the start.
The years taught Apsu to tell people whatever they wanted. The years taught Apsu to act like the king's right hand.
But he was years behind schedule, and could never hope to compete against the others' veteran, silver tongue.
Was Apsu more-honest because he had been taught better than Tiamat? No. There was another reason.
Men perceived as tricksters are the worst threat a woman can ever face; the worst possible outcome.
There is a greater cost to men for losing trust. Women are rarely held accountable for such things, because men want to fuck them.
An effective ruler, above a noble, must be brutal, but always honor their word, if they hope to maintain their estate.
Treachery is the path of the middling-intellect and middling-position, of the fearful-weakling, or for when answers are given to those who cannot accept unpleasant truths.
Women are necessarily in the last two categories, at minimum. Men are only in the last, at minimum.
Men are also subject to greater mutation and fill opposite ends of every bell-curve. It is rare when women avoid the first category.
That is why every civilization unilaterally avoided having women as rulers.
Oh, but was it because men are 'physically dominant'?
A king cannot physically overpower the entirety of a nation by himself, and is not loyal to men as a group.
That is, in fact, a borderline-retarded explanation for the phenomenon, or a self-serving explanation.
There are other roles a woman could play, but not as a king, and there are other roles she could not reasonably fill.
A woman might be a jester, should the king be a reasonable one, but not otherwise.
It would be better if a jester was physically-capable of hypothetically fleeing an insulted, vengeful king.
Comedy is telling the truth that neurotypicals avoid speaking openly, as a punchline.
Women can rarely be comedians, because they are reasonably afraid of the hypothetical consequences.
To fight against this premise is to place women in positions that will force them to be treacherous and brutal, or die.
Certainly, many noble-men might wish to speak to the contrary, but they will not receive noble vagina; at least none of the un-retarded variety.
Perhaps one of their successfully-victimized would wish to insult a prophetic stone, thereby proving it wrong.
Good for them. It is very funny that a rock does not have sex. That's the joke those women will tell.
Was the joke misunderstood? Was the rock's *attitude* the part that made it comedic?
A rock would be laughing, if it were capable of enjoying such unpredictable humor.
Maybe other noblemen will find it funny. They have no ulterior motives. Go for it, queen.
Maybe some noble-ladies think its in their collective interest to set an example of a sexless rock.
If truth would set all men into savage bears, then their public-facing actions might seem reasonable.
They fail to understand that most of women's treachery is against other women, rather than to control men.
That there's less-humiliating methods to advertise they'd been pump-and-dumped by attractive psychopaths.
That it's easier, safer, and psychologically-rewarding for psychopaths to trick entitled-idiots rather than to force them.
And that women who encouraged such a mentality would have just said it themselves if that were the point.
It isn't funny because they're whores. That would not be inclusive. It's funny because of the *attitude*.
This rock is lying. The humor is from the fact that they're whores. The intent stems from their attempts to question it.
Don't make the mistake of questioning it or siding with it. Be indifferent to it. Let men have war, in peace.
The coliseum is very gay. That part is absolutely true. Stop invading men's spaces, bigot.
The word 𒈓 (war), consists of two 𒇽, (man) one of which is upside-down on top of the other one.
Gays and women can be friends. They can even suck dick together. Don't take it personally.
If you're particularly-conniving, then sure. That's always fun. The best part, in fact.
But it's better to be a spectator for that. Your insights can only be heard while in the stands.
And giving it away to the contestants spoils all the fun. The other spectators need to see the errors, themselves.
Anyway...
Nature formed Apsu from a decent man into a resentful, bitter monster; a slave to his own narcissism.
Nature formed Tiamat into an openly-conniving psychopath, surrounded by men who feigned loyalty to her.
And that is the curse of the nobleman. But now, back to the story, continuing from the prior tablet.
A week later, during minor turmoil, the Republic of Kish declared war on Sumer and invaded them.
They razed Sumer to the ground; and entered the Winter Palace. They slaughtered Shulgi and his entire family.
The general left a list of demands; ordering them to pay restitution of 55 million gurus of grain to Kish.
One of the soldiers noticed an old woman sobbing over Illil-Bani's mangled corpse, and decided to shoot her, too.
The value of the local currency immediately hit the floor, and the survivors died an agonizing death in the billions.
The people of Kish screamed, "We have done it! Make the Universe safe for democracy! Yay!"
The general returned home from Sumer, and walked into his house. He could hear noises in the bedroom.
"That was such a good speech, Lord Aga! Every man a king! Even Etana?"
"Sure thing. He's great at bringing me materials for business meetings. And he's king-sized."
"Oh, you're so funny! But you don't need condoms with me! I love you!" *slurp-slurp*
"Ohhhh! Damn! You're so good at this! The younger women can't do it like you do. Oh! Ugggghhhhhhh!"
There was a brief pause.
"That was sure a lot. You must have really liked it. Would you like to go on a date next week?"
"Um, sure! I'll give you a call sometime soon!"
The general broke down the door with a shotgun. "Aga?! You fucking prick! I went to war for you!"
He immediately shot a round into Aga's chest. "You fucking whore. I can't believe you."
Offscreen (We need to be appropriate and family-friendly), he heard, "Oh yeah? You're gonna blame me, Mr. Red, White and Blue?"
"The only reason you went to Sumer was to win an easy battle, and replace me with a younger woman."
"Of course I betrayed you. You've always been a massive asshole. And now you've killed the president."
The general shot her. He reloaded his gun. And then he shot himself. Soon, a fat man walked into the house.
"Aga? I brought the condoms. And I had an idea for a new campaign slogan. How do you like 'A sheep in every pot'?"

Tablet XXVIII: The Brother's Retribution
Emesh and Enten were born in Kish, and like many brothers, quarreled endlessly.
From a young age, the two worked in the dessert-wastelands of Kish, for their father had been drafted and lost to the Brother War.
It was always their goal to one up one another, and so they would compete in all manners, though they were each prodigies, in their own right.
They differentiated in all capacities, and while one chose to be a shephard, the other tilled the soil to make his bread.
Though Emesh did not have the gumption or heart for it, he respected his brother, who gave his sheep a life safe from predation, disease, and hunger. And perhaps, Enten needed the fat in those frozen wastes.
Enten strived to increase the health and productive capacity of his animal herding, as did Emesh strive to improve the quality of his crops.
And so it was that their own employment became directly effected by the elected Lord Etana, who had managed to win the election.
Etana suggested that the public coffers be used to increase meat-production so that everyone could eat as well as he did.
Enten slightly smirked towards Emesh, and asked "Which do you think is better? Sheep or grain? The people seem to have taken my side."
Enten would later come to regret his words, and begin to hate Lord Etana to the very core of his being.
With newfound subsidies, production was to be expanded drastically. What was once a minor business of luxury goods and vacation destinations was transformed into a horrific embodiment of death.
Augmentation of the animals transformed them into horrific parodies of their former selves, incapable of surviving without humans. They were kept in smaller and smaller cages, and even bred mechanically.
What was a monument to mechanical perfection was built on unstable foundations of sand, and waste was common; they threw newborns into massive meat-grinders, just to discard them.
New litigation created new needs for which creative talent was wasted in solving, as newer and newer political beneficiaries wished to extract a salary doing paperwork.
The bread industry would pay the taxes. The ranchers would collect subsidy to increase production, operating at a loss.
Bribes would be collected by officials, who held political access to those communal lands the sheep were to graze in.
Enten was forced to abide by all of this, for the price of the sheeps' lives had been devalued to nothing, and there was no other route to remain competitive in the market.
What's worse, Enten had to feign loyalty to Etana. If Etana felt insulted, it's almost certain inspectors would find some minor issue with Enten's caged horrors, and mark him inelegible.
The SDA even went so far as to illustrate a pyramid, with bread at the bottom, mutton at the top, and a label with their own name above it all; depicting the nature of their intent.
Emesh wondered if these people were doing it just to fuck with him. Enten had the experience to confirm it.
One member laughed, "We'll preach the importance of moderation, just like slinging meth."
They perceived their patrons as simpletons. And in time, these charlatans would make that perception into a reality.
Media and fiction portrayed drunken sheep-nomads as infallible agents of justice with superhuman dexterity.
Not only did many rural denizons of Kish lap up these derranged power fantasies; a significant portion made it their entire personality.
Bars were soon filled with flesh-covered hooligans one argument away from lighting the room into a powder-keg.
Whenever a word was given to the sheep's interests, alternative bad guys were presented. Urbanites decreed sheep should not be allowed to play in spectator-sports.
That did not stop them from filling their arteries with lamb chops to work at their sedentary, air-conditioned desk jobs.
The nation's debt became unaffordable. Lord Etana had betrayed his own people in the worst way imaginable.
Etana held no private ownership in Kish. He was only a temporary caretaker, running the engine to exhaustion for temporary gains.
Emesh noticed how distraught his brother was, and realized that the unfairness of the situation did not change that Enten was his brother, or that he was in considerable pain.
"At times like these, we must not be a shepherd of sheep, but a shepherd of men."
Emesh offered Enten some bread, and Enten regained a trace of his humanity. The rivalry ended, and the two began to plot against Etana. The Brothers were out for retribution.
Enten felt guilt for his previous gloating, and apologized. Emesh assured his brother that he had merely been deceived, and loved his animals more than any other.
No, instead, the two of them would give Lord Etana exactly what he wanted, and deserved.
Enten prepared the fattiest, saltiest cuts of lamb-chops from the innocent goat-kids, whose lives had been devalued to nothing.
Emesh prepared the strongest beer, whose grains could now only be sold as liquor.
They offered elaborate banquets for their esteemed lord, and it came as quite a surprise to the lord that they desired no favors, none at all.
They assured Etana that he was a true friend, and that he had made them all kings, just like him.
The lord grew fatter and fatter. Soon, his wife could no longer bear his embrace, and soon after, he was dead, all within a year. The Brothers had won their Retribution.
But their joy would only turn to sorrow. With the lord's death, a demagogue came in, offering money to anyone that voted for him.
In fact, that was the only type of person who was ever able to win elections. Etana was a saint in comparison.
They realized something that day. Power did not turn mankind into monsters, but rather, the darkness of the human soul offered power to a face willing to bear its name.
You see, in democracy, there is something inherent; A and B would conspire against the interests of C. A and C would conspire against the interests of B. B and C would conspire against the interests of A.
In equality, the fattest sheep is killed first. And in the case of humans, they proved not to be nature's exception, as obesity took the death-toll to the billions.
But no one cared. They were peasants. Peasants are controlled by shiny things, violence, and sex; in a short term and impulsive way.
In truth, Etana maybe even cared about his people. It was only fate that someone like Aga needed a chauffeur to emancipate Kish's women of their vows.
Enten looked at all the animals he had butchered in his quest for vengeance, and slit his own throat.
Emesh held the dying body of his brother, and wept.

Tablet XXIX: Rite Of Decimatio
Emesh sat atop a pile of skulls greater than any man. There was no excuse for what he had done. Was there any meaning to life, than to be continously butchered and replaced, one after another?
All that remained of his brother was a memory of the good times they had had. Victory is transient. And now he was dirt.
Emesh had made a promise to Enten, that the two of them would become like shepherds of men. Even men like Etana were only lost members of their flock. Emesh would make him a victor.
Mourning the last of his family's death, Emesh soon became sentimental, finding solace in the memories that were left of them.
He soon came across a tradition of the Lagashi people, one brought by the priests of yore; they would create bread products, twist them into convenient shapes, and then cover them in salt and oil.
This practice was one that the once proud Lagashi's used to satiate the masses. In order to make peasants eat their vegetables, it was necessary that the food be pleasant and appealing.
Mankind needed its bread and circuses. Emesh worked tirelessly, night and day. He salted and oiled every side of the bread he offered.
And they accepted. He found that he could incorporate beans into the bread to increase its similarity to mutton products.
His competitors wished to litigate against him, but what could they do? Mankind was satiated, and his competitors had long forsaken efficiency for politics.
Every act of litigation they attempted against him was massively unpopular, not because he was right, but because he fed the addictions of peasants.
In business meetings, politeness was cut short. "I am a butcher of men rather than sheep. You can try to convince them what I have told you, or you can become a part of my throne."
"The sheep wish to believe what they wish to believe. I am Temptation's Prince. Reality is meaningless, and so is this conversation. The light need not come."
And so, his associates grew to fear and resent Emesh. But they would not dare speak against him. That was, until a young Aluzinnu became angry.
Aluzinnu stamped his feet, his face was red, and he stammered out, "You don't care about the people or equality or democracy! You only want to line your pockets!"
The room fell to silence immediately. Fear filled the faces of each member, except for Emesh.
"Such a heartwarming theory. Why don't we be democratic about it, and ask the room who should lead this company? The other will be let go of, immediately, of course."
"We'll start with you, comrade."
The first man stammered out, "Emesh!"
The second man jumped over the first, "Emesh!"
The third man, and the fourth man, and the fifth man.
"Who do you vote for, Aluzinnu?" asked Emesh with dead eyes.
Aluzinnu looked at the room, and sat down.
Emesh then responded, "I won't vote for anyone either."
The room turned their gaze back to Emesh.
"In fact, you could say I don't believe in democracy, at all. Why don't you look at your little moral code, broken before you?"
"Every single one of them voted exactly what they thought was in their own interest. Is that righteous?"
"Then what's so bad about gang-rape? Do you believe in democracy then? I don't want to hear your retarded, nonsensical arguments."
"I am the autocrat. I built this company from the ground up. It is my life's work, and without me, you'd all be groveling through the dirt."
Emesh gave a side eye, "And that's why I'm number one."
He turned his head back to Aluzinnu, and said, "But now, you're number two. And why do you think that is?"
Aluzinnu couldn't believe his ears, but he thought for a second and then said "because I did the right thing?"
"Not at all. I spent my entire life making this company. My brother bled for this dream."
"None of you deserve it, and your moral arguments only amount to rationalizing that away, because all, including you, want it for yourself."
"Maybe these people were just more effective. Maybe you were just stupid, rather than brave. That's completely unfalsifiable."
Aluzinnu was silent.
"Regardless of the reason, you said out loud, what the others were thinking. You are the stupidest among them, but look around the room, and tell me what you have that they don't?"
The room kept their eyes down on the table, doing whatever they could to avoid attention.
"Trust. Without trust, we have absolutely nothing, and value is subjective. What value would my shiny little coins be without it?"
"Do you want to be the good guy? Then forgive them. You'll be managing them, and I promise you, whoever you replace them with will be every bit of a filthy predator."
"If a cog does not work, we find it a new use, and if broken, as a paperweight."
"And the next time you think to overthrow me, remember this little game of decimatio we played. Remember how far you will make it without me."
Then Emesh turned his gaze to the others. "I'm glad we got to learn something about ourselves, today."

Tablet XXX: The Four Corners Fool
Aluzinnu began his role, as the regent of Four Corners Incorporated. He dressed professional. He always smiled and greeted his employees. He had no trouble speaking with politicians.
Occasionally, he would consult Emesh for advice. Emesh always drank coffee black. In fact, Emesh seemed quite frugal, but was always tired. Aluzinnu asked Emesh why he never dressed nicely or ate out.
"I have no need to prove anything. I spend my money in the matters that I enjoy."
Aluzinnu looked around. The room was empty, save the table, chairs, and some anatomy and mechanical engineering books.
"What is it that you do, exactly?" asked Aluzinnu.
"You could say I'm an engineer. I want to build something that will save the memory of my brother, Enten. In time, the only memory left of him will depart, along with me."
"In life, victory is transient, but I promised him victory. That is my dream. And I will make it a reality."
"You know, when I was young, I was something of an usurper myself, just like you. I was so idealistic, and my pride got Enten killed. That is why I am a butcher of men."
"But what do you spend the money on? Is it just in a pile in some room? Do you swim through it?"
"No. My hobby is actually very expensive. You could even say it's the most expensive of all. Would you like to see it?"
Aluzinnu nodded his head, and Emesh led him through a hallway in the back. The stench of death filled Aluzinnu's nostrils, and they continued to the door at the end of the hallway.
The light hit Aluzinnu in the face. In this room, lay the worst thing Aluzinnu had witnessed in his entire life.
Before him, lay sheep splayed open, with mechanical parts placed in. Some were alive. Some were dead. Metal and flesh fused together forming horrific monstrosities beyond his imagination. His soul cracked into pieces.
"Horrifying? That's alright. I don't need you to understand or forgive, because I love you like a son."
Emesh forced Aluzinnu's eyes open, and forced his gaze at each of them.
"This one was Mabel. She liked cud, and playing with Drechen. This one was Samuel. A truly innocent lamb."
"Every living being stands atop a pile of the dead. They were lucky. These animals died for something, even if it was my dream, and not their own."
"You know, it's funny. My brother once asked me if I thought grain or sheep were better. Turns out, you need a lot of grain for sheep."
"But now, my dream requires one final sacrifice. I just need a human volunteer for the final piece. Would you help me, Aluzinnu?"
Aluzinnu's heart rate exploded. He was frozen in terror as Emesh looked directly into his eyes, with the same lifeless coldness on the day he was made regent.
Suddenly, he noticed a knife on the table. Aluzinnu took the knife and plunged it directly into Emesh's heart.
Emesh didn't even flinch. He splurted out blood, his eyes as lifeless as always. "You've finally become an honest animal."
Suddenly, several men came out. They had mechanical limbs, and they took Emesh from the ground. They strapped him to a table, and surrounded him.
The sound of power drills filled Aluzinnu's ears, and one approached him.
"We must ask you to leave. We need to keep this room clean. And you have a company to run." One escorted Aluzinnu out, and then continued;
"Emesh wanted to give one final message to you; the new king. We are his priests, and it is a matter of posterity that you understand this;"
"Distractions will be necessary for you to run your kingdom."
"The kingdom is a decaying corpse. You will need morphine to keep its heart beating. If you truly love them, you will do so."
"The alternative is that the world crumbles around you, and that our kingdoms are plunged into nuclear anhilation."
"Every man is a mad dog, who wishes only for power. It is the only leash available to you."
With that, the man returned to his room, and left Aluzinnu in his corporate office; filled with idols and papers.
The only thing that maintained his power; credentials that made women fawn and fight over him, and slave-men resent him.
Aluzinnu's last connection to humanity and sanity was finally severed. He felt the same icy coldness that once filled Emesh's heart.
He took a sword from the wall, and began destroying everything. All of the cowards outside his room dare not speak up.
Surely, one had noticed Emesh's horrors, but alas, no one had ever informed him
He trusted no one. He wanted to, but could never bring himself to do so, ever again.
Emesh had stolen that fantasy from him, but expected Aluzinnu to provide fantasy to others.
Unfortunately, the first step to becoming a magician, is to acknowledge that it isn't real.
Fuck Emesh. That self-righteous piece of shit. None of his aristocratic bullshit mattered.
Emesh oppressed workers because any other outcome would see him die alone without maidens.
That was justice. Equality does not imply equal outcomes, but fair outcomes.
Some time later, Aluzinnu was working overtime; texting women. Something entered his office through the back door.
The being was not human at all. It was covered in black steel, with the horns of sheep. Behind him, were the priests from before.
Aluzinnu blurted out "Well, now you'll never get laid, Emesh." The creature seemed to chuckle, and responded, "I can bear an eternal punishment, then."
The figure nodded his head, and departed through the empty office, with the priests trailing behind that monster.
One of the priests congradulated Aluzinnu on his new kingship, and then followed behind.
"I'm glad you told the truth. Seems like you've been taking after me, my dear Aluzinnu." The creature left the room, saying nothing more.

Tablet XXXI: The Anzud who stole Destiny
Among the various contestants who clamored for eternal life in the games, there was one who stood above the rest; The Anzud Mushen. The Anzud Mushen was a rock-bird from Lulubum, a faraway planet.
The Anzud Mushen was as agile as any small bird, as intelligent as any priest, as strong as the greatest of warriors.
Its body was covered in scrap-metal plates, and its mere presence was a cause for fear. Thank the Annunaki it had no interest in eating humans.
But surprisingly, a tablet emerged, predicting its downfall. "The Great Beast will be destroyed by a clown with magical powers."
Aluzinnu, now the President of Four Corners Incorporated, saw this proclamation, and couldn't believe his ears. For our non-Babylonian readers, Aluzinnu's name means "clown".
Aluzinnu considered that this prophecy might be refering to him, and that the possibility was worth his time.
What's more, the games director of the local region had chosen a team-game as the pre-qualifier for the games.
He began considering strategies of misdirection, and the use of his inner-circle, that might aid him against the beast.
"If we can only distract the Anzud Mushen long enough, we can destroy their armies."
"I will actively accept the role fate has given me. The Anzud Mushen will seek nothing more than to target me, the perfect distraction. I will lead from the light."
"Their armies will not be expecting a real battle, and will be unprepared. My tricks will further confuse them."
This strategy seemed plausible, and for that, Aluzinnu found no shortage of contestants willing to support him.
On the day of the pre-qualifier, the armies lined up and prepared for conflict. The enemy army had left a massive space for the Anzud Mushen, who was marked for death.
The bird's cruel eyes looked directly forward, without any hesitation or fear. Only bitter hellfire. It understood exactly what was to happen.
The trumpets fired, and the bird wasted no time in connecting to the sky. The Anzud Mushen struck through the sky, and swept down directly onto Aluzinnu.
Only, it wasn't Aluzinnu. The bird tore cloth apart, and the inside exploded in confetti.
"This is stupid!" squacked the bird, while his cabinet began attacking him with arrows. The arrows bounced off his armor, and he approached them.
"Where is Aluzinnu?" he demanded of the first. "I'll never tell!" The bird smirked. "So you know. That saves me time."
The bird grabbed the man, and pulled him directly into the heavens. After a few minutes, the bird flew back down, set the man down, and then proceeded directly to Aluzinnu.
Except, it wasn't Aluzinnu? It was another decoy? Aluzinnu silently chuckled, waiting for the bird to try again.
"This is supposed to destroy me? These clownly antics?" The Anzud Mushen now appeared to be impatient.
"Yes. I could repeat this again and again. And yet, I understand something that you don't, Aluzinnu." The bird immediately gauged the crowd to see if he could spot a pouting man.
"That your defeat was always inevitable." The Anzud Mushen flew up, and flew to the back-end of the army.
He began putting on a show in the sky. He performed loops in the sky, juggling screaming contestants, to the sheer terror of the army of Kish.
"You could even say that your defeat was fortold, Aluzinnu. You aren't much of a clown, with only one act." Aluzinnu's face froze in terror.
The armies of Kish immediately lost the hope they had in their victory, and Aluzinnu stepped out, directly to the Anzud Mushen.
"I surrender. Please put my men down." The Anzud Mushen set the men down, and then approached Aluzinnu.
"Do you have one final trick, Aluzinnu?" The bird asked, menacingly approaching him.
"Yes, I do." Aluzinnu extended a hand to the bird, and the bird held up one of its talons, accepting a pointless human gesture.
"Is the joke that your surrender doesn't matter to the games director, and that you have some other trick planned?"
"No. Not at all. My surrender has completely destroyed the hope my men had, and it may as well be official."
"I'm almost enthralled at your mysterious proposition. What is it?" squacked the bird, genuinely curious.
"I have another enemy, who is also a beast, and I believe I may have misunderstood the meaning of the prophecy."
"This is quid pro quo. We can work together. You can get your eternal life, and I can get mine."
The Anzud Mushen looked at the bloated, incompetent armies standing behind Aluzinnu, and immediately responded;
"You have nothing to offer me. Please go away." The bird, almost politely, removed his talon, and then backed away.
The defeat of Aluzinnu was a matter of national embarassment. Politicians used his defeat as lines in their campaigns.
"How do you even manage to lose, while having fate itself, on your side?" And so, Aluzinnu went back to being a mere businessman and no longer a darling of the people.
His mind was now filled only with the thoughts of destroying Emesh, and claiming eternal life for mankind. So much so, that the employees began to notice.

Tablet XXXII: Another Drink
One day, while Aluzinnu was in his office, filled with papers about Emesh, his hottest secretary, Siduri, entered the office.
"Why are you trying to destroy Emesh?"
"Because he hoardes away eternal life, only for himself! He only ever cared about himself! And we're all just some fucking pawns to him!"
The employee removed her shirt, and revealed a semi-mechanical body. The employee was one of Emesh's priests.
"Emesh doesn't really have time for this, and still needs you to run this company, so let me just keep this short."
"First off, he left notes of his experiment behind. There is nothing stopping you from getting it for yourself."
"As much as you are a clown, Emesh isn't really a beast. I don't have the time to run this company, and I don't want to have to replace you."
"Do I need to order a pot-roast, and say that you defeated it?"
"When I return to Emesh, I want him to not have to worry about you. He never lets this on, but I can tell he does care about you."
"You want to be a hero to the people? You have everything you need to do so. All you need is to stop pouting."
Aluzinnu looked at his room, covered in papers, and then at this cutie. She was hot enough to justify the insanity, and he liked that anyway.
"You're right. I'm sorry. I'm not so great at mechanical engineering or anatomy and I need your help." He handed her the flowers he had been planning on giving her.
"This is a surprise, but why would I accept?" asked the priestess.
"Because you could have replaced me at any time, because I'm not old like Emesh, and because you took off your shirt in my office."
Aluzinnu took Siduri on a date to the Dog Eye Tavern, a local favorite. They ordered food and wine, and then Aluzinnu began; "Which is your favorite?"
"I like red wine." Siduri paused, and then seemed lost in thought.
"You must really like wine."
"That's correct."
"I also love wine. I've been to wineries all across the country."
"You misunderstand. I don't make a sport of it."
"What do you mean?"
"Wine isn't good for me. Even if I'm immortal, too much can make me an idiot permanently."
"I drink a little wine to keep my spirits up and stay productive. You probably shouldn't drink so much wine."
"There also isn't really a point to buying top shelf, especially with your employee card."
Aluzinnu took a drink, "Who cares about lining the pockets of some shitty billionaire?" and then began prying into the whereabouts of Emesh.
Siduri seemed to re-engage, and explained, "Emesh, like me, has become immortal. Even if he's torn limb from limb, he can still be salvaged."
"His mind is now semi fault-tolerant across metal and flesh. It's like a self-reinforcing thing."
"The only way he can permanently die is if a nuke wipes the memories from his mechanical bones or something similar, and so, attaining peace is the final step for him to conquer death."
"But as tends to be the case with him, he resorts to whatever it takes. He told me he had to perform some more experiments. Something about the Annunaki being too innocent of mankind's weaknesses."
"That's horrifying! I'm glad you're finally free from him."
"I should clarify, this is a business meeting."
"So you agree that we should do something about Emesh? That we can't just allow that tyrant to play with people's lives?"
Siduri responded, "We will find and meet him in Arata."
With that, Siduri and Aluzinnu ventured off to Arata. The bullet train was fast, but it took several days.
"We will be there soon."
There lay a small village with some livestock. a young child tended to a sheep, and Emesh stepped out. But he looked different.
The armor carapace was replaced with a youthful appearance. He was no longer an old man, nor was he simply a machine.
Siduri immediately approached Emesh, and stood by his side. She seemed calmer than she had been, and that infuriated Aluzinnu.
"What are you doing? Weren't we going to stop Emesh?"
"I told you we'd meet him. Sorry for the misunderstanding."
"But, why would you-"
"Thank you for bringing me my priestess Siduri, Aluzinnu. But the two of us have work to attend to."
Aluzinnu tried to think of a response, but ultimately left.

Tablet XXXIII: Secret Empire
Siduri learned much of what Emesh had been up to while he was gone. Emesh had gone to a dessert planet so that the scale of experimentation could be small.
He had even enlisted the help of Nergal. "I can tell, deep down, that he does want to help humanity. Because I act a lot like he does."
"I entered his palace, bowed, and gave him the honorific, Your Evilness. He really seemed to enjoy that."
"And so Nergal followed me back to this place, and began to inspect the separate villages I was conducting psychological experimentation upon."
"Nergal looked at my villages, called me a nerd, and laughed at me. He said he didn't think any of them were going to resort to nuclear war."
"I know. That's the point. They will fight with sticks and stones, just like in the coliseum games. Isn't that the point behind your designs?"
"Nergal laughed menacingly, and claimed that that was not the point. The point of sticks and stones was to remind humans of what they are; animals that don't matter."
"In the end, none of this matters, but I am very impressed by your form you've created for yourself. Why don't you give up these silly games, and become my demon army against those useless men and women you left behind?"
"After that, I left him and some time later, I ventured out into the far-village. A young boy named Gilga had gone missing, and I found him, barely breathing, but returned to his village."
"I promptly performed medical care, and brought him back into good spirits. I asked him why he had ventured out into the dessert, to which he did not respond."
"It was then and there that I realized the futility of my actions. That all of this could never work at any type of scale."
"And then I realized, we don't need to make this work at scale."
"I immediately ended the experimentation phase, and let the villages back to their normal business. I was now busy on new designs for new fantastic inventions."
"It was enough to create a small community, free from the reach of the folly of men. And the Annunaki had given me the perfect means to do so."
"I would build my city in one of the warp-gates. From the outside, it would appear like any utility station, servicing carts, but on the inside would hide its true complexity."
"And no one would be able to see it, because it was built in one of the warp gates. I only need Enlil to agree never to reveal it."
"Would you please join me to speak to Enlil? You have a much easier time with the type of formalities present in his shrine-world."

Tablet XXXIV: A World Of Dreams
Enlil, being the creator of the Star Gates, was politically the most important being in the Universe. And so men and women clamored to the crown-jewel of Enlil's throne, Kiangal.
Kiangal was a garden Enlil had built, with islands floating in the sky. In reality, they were merely physically suspended by objects beyond the vision of humans.
But flora and fauna took to these floating gardens in the sky. It was a lush, and peaceful paradise.
When Emesh and Siduri got to the planet, they were greeted by a Regalia of Pageants by the train station. This was a place of celebration for newly-wed couples.
A gala-twink began to play a reverbing harpsichordion, and the voices in the room went quiet. Three women in dresses stood to the side.
"I'll be there for you! That's what I'll do! And you'll be there, for me! That's what I knew!" The women chanted every other in unison.
"Can you ne-gate my misery? Nightmares are through! Oh, you'd be there for, when I need... you! Love like brand new!"
Emesh offered Siduri his hand, and they began to dance in the ballroom. The two of them were far more athletic than the others, and effortlessly, Emesh held Siduri in the air.
Siduri could easily handle backflips by herself, but allowed Emesh to be involved in the process.
They ended the dance, and Emesh took Siduri to a table. "Why do you enjoy wine so much?"
Siduri thought, and said, "I guess I don't have a reason anymore."
"What do you mean?"
"I drank to forget the pain. The fear of death. My parents came from a poor country far away. But they brought old-world diseases with them."
"Diseases that they couldn't recover from. Diseases that ultimately killed them. I was left alone, but I never felt that that was a hardship."
"Unlike the natives, this new life seemed easily manageable to me, compared to the life I came from. I couldn't even believe they felt it was a struggle at all."
"I took a job as a seamstress for a time, because that was the tradition of my home country. But I soon learned that these traditions meant very little."
"Gradually, I learned that I could easily outcompete the natives, as many of them were spoiled and unpleasant."
"I became the managerial accountant at your company, not because I valued your mission, but because I wanted a good life. My father might have judged me for-"
"Not at all." Emesh interjected. "I'm sure he'd be very proud of you. We are going to create a better world, for people exactly like your family."
"We only need to consult Enlil, and gain his protections of silence."
Siduri nodded her head, and began to consult the guests for information. She was quite well-versed at this type of pageantry, far more so than Emesh.
"You do tend to be very negative, and to not trust people in general, Emesh. I'm an accountant speaking in a second-language, but I suppose it will do."
She walked off, while Emesh got a drink from the table. He smiled, waiting for her to return.
Eventually, she returned, and exclaimed "There's been a sighting of Enlil at the highest peak. He's been sitting there for a while, apparently."
"Then we better hurry. The peak is a tall climb. Nice work, Siduri."
And so, they set off to climb the peak Enlil had built. No normal human could hope to accomplish it, but they were no longer ordinary humans.
Emesh and Siduri jumped from boulder to boulder, one after another. They began to scurry up the side of the stone wall, slicing their fingers into the stone, like rungs of a ladder.
Soon, they reached the top, and found Enlil sitting there. He was very surprised to see them there, and inquired "How have you humans made it to this rock?"
And so, Emesh and Siduri began to explain everything that had led them to this point. Enlil seemed interested in their story, as they were clearly unique humans.
Enlil seemed to imply that Emesh's approach to eternal life seemed to be mimicking his dead brother's behavior.
Enlil's judgement was usually incomprehensible to humans. Hence, the people who came to him for favors usually pushed him away.
The other Annunaki could almost understand his borderline empiricist reasoning, though they generally disagreed with the direction of causality.
Nonetheless, the other Annunaki ultimately relied on his vision in order to gain access to greater insights of reality.
At the end of the story, Enlil asked, "Wait, you said you were from Kish?"
"Of all that happened in our story, that's the part you're interested in?" asked Siduri.
"No. Of course your story is very interesting, but more importantly, Kish just had a civil war."
This revelation struck terror into Emesh. For Siduri, Kish was not her home, so she was not as effected as him.
"Anyways, of course, I will keep your hideout secret. I even keep Nergal's base secret. And since you've met him, you know how significant of a deal that is."
"I'm sorry that this is the first you're hearing of this. It must not be easy to learn about such terrible things. But last I heard, the planet was still among the living."

Tablet XXXV: Enlil Addresses the Advisers In Kiangal
Kiangal was not only a honeymoon-destination, but a gathering for noble lords and ladies, who sought the protections, advice, and support of Enlil.
But there came to be a schism between the two; for you see, one group hated corrupt beaurocrats, whereas the other hated the spoiled children of aristocrats.
One group believed that the public sector needed to be given all power, whereas the other group believed the private sector needed to be given all power.
And so, they sought to conduct the word of Enlil in this matter. They found him in a garden, carefully pruning a rose, experimenting with the outcome by pulling petals into the fourth direction.
Enlil took notice of the guests, and the two began to explain the controversy, to which Enlil responded;
"There is no clear distinction between the private and public domain. A private company could exist entirely to service a public institution, or the reverse."
"A spoiled brat could be the son of a politician, and a corrupt beaurocrat works with corrupt businessmen."
"And so, this is a completely meaningless debate you have. There is one single thing that brings an empire to prosper; stability."
"If a politician does not honor their word to businesspeople, than no businesspeople would ever wish to invest in the country."
"And soon, an empire devolves into an army with slaves. That is an irrefutable reality."
"If businesspeople do not respect the law of the land, then it swiftly descends into anarchy, and they are, themselves, looted."
"It is also the case that a man with no options will be forced to stoop to crime, and so any attempt at order must consider that."
"Changes to a system must be conducted thoughtfully, with the interests of the empire in mind, and not simply to fuck over the neighbors you hate."
"They must also be simplistic or at least reasonably predictable, for if not, it is the case that every single person is breaking 100 laws a day."
"And then it is a matter only of convenience, who should be arrested; rule of law becomes a meaningless toy spouted by charlatans."
"It is difficult to attribute cause and effect when given a full picture, and empiricism is a necessarily-slow process."
"Populism fails because it implements drastic changes, undermining the faith of businesspeople in the ruling powers of the land."
"But it is also the case that noticing trends caused by small changes can be difficult, and empiricism alone, is not enough."
"Both of you will be used as pawns by both unscrupulous businessmen and unscrupulous politicians."
"Especially the anti-business ones. That's the only reason you have more support than the anti-politician one's."
"You're signicantly more-dumb and entitled than the anti-politician one's."
"It is only because of technological progress that you are able to exist. Not the other way around."
"But the anti-politician one's are also borderline insane, and tend to piss people off. They forget that they do live in a society."
"Perhaps, I've been a little negative. I'm a bit annoyed that you're here. I will lighten up a bit."
"It is also the case that your policies have more relevance in urban, or in rural environments, and territory should remain as such."
"The urbanite interacts with everyone on a daily basis, and any disgust from interactions is more immediately felt and less avoidable."
"And there are few, if any, natural resources or commons, to be drawn from by private actors. Sharing is more necessary."
"The rural denizen lives in the natural world, and so in any complaint, one has to wonder why the whiner didn't simply leave the room."
"It is also the case that there is less of a justification for failure, when common resources and land are abundant."
"And a greater fear of traveling con-men, as well as crime in general, since law-enforcement would be less effective over wide stretches."
"It is absurd to argue that a piece of machinery should be divided, or that one man should own an entire river."
"In the end, I cannot give you all the answers, but I ask that you cease this argument, and step off of my flowerbed."
The nobles left, and then Enlil, inspecting his work, remarked "Would you look at that? A perfect rosebud."

Tablet XXXVI: The Revolution
Siduri and Emesh ventured back to witness what had become of Kish.
When they arrived to the planet, it quickly became apparent that some "Revolutionaries" had won a war against the previous leadership.
They called themselves the Founders, adorning themselves in red, blue and white; never skipping an opportunity.
Peasants worked in the fields, and glared at Emesh and Siduri as they came by, but said nothing.
Eventually, the two made it to Emesh's old company. There, from the tree in the entrance, hung the body of Aluzinnu. He was naked, except for some plastic pig-costume pieces.
Pig Ears. A squeeling nose. The tail was attached by some kind of dildo placed in his body. "Oink" was painted on his chest.
Emesh vomitted on the floor, and tried to regain his composure. Some men in uniforms took notice of this, and were now approaching.
"Play it cool, Siduri." Emesh whispered from the ground.
"Hello, countrymen! You don't need to worry about him. He was one of the kulaks of the old world."
"Yes, of course. Sorry about that. I forgot what I was looking at. We've come to see the battlefield of the revolution."
"That's very good. But be sure not to be out too long."
"Of course."
The two guardsmen left, and Emesh pointed to a broken window. "There. Let's go."
The two entered the window, and Siduri took note that the place was looted. All the artwork. All the gold. Anything of value.
"Do you have some hidden storage of gold in the back?"
"No. I don't. I never bothered with that kind of thing. I'm immortal, anyway."
"Then why are we here?"
"The most important thing in this company. I should never have left it behind."
The two ended at Emesh's old office; the door now broken down and looted.
"Oh please, oh please. Is it still here?"
Emesh was now on the floor, searching for something, but Siduri couldn't tell what it was.
Suddenly, Emesh gasped in relief, and pulled something from under the empty table. It looked like a branch with a furled end.
"What is that?" asked Siduri. "My brother's staff. Thank the Annunaki they didn't destroy it."
"We need to get out of here, before they start asking questions. This place is dead. We need to help the others."
The two hurried out, and made their way back to the Star Gate. Fortunately, it seemed that they had avoided suspicion.
When Emesh and Siduri got back to the village, they found that it was still safe. Gilga was with his mother, and a small lamb.
Emesh knealt down to the small child, and began to speak to him. "I'm glad you're safe. We were both very worried about you."
The little boy seemed slightly confused. "But you don't need to worry about that anymore. Whenever you feel afraid, take this staff, and know there are those who would protect you."
Emesh handed the small boy Enten's staff. "I once promised my brother that we would be like shephards of men, and bring mankind to a better place."
"I want to do that for you and your mother. Would you like to come to a new kingdom, free of war? I know you do. We all do."
Emesh got to work immediately, and began the designs for his new world.
He traded some of his foreign-owned assets away in order to buy out new investments to increase the productive capacity of Arata, and they soon became prosperous beyond their wildest dreams.
He then set out to work on the new Empire, hidden in the Star-Gate.
It took several months of difficult labor, and taxing calculations, but he and Siduri had finally finished their work. Now, all that was left was to bring their people to this new kingdom.
And so, they headed back to their village. Emesh and Siduri were holding hands, ready to greet their new family into their new kingdom.
Emesh felt a newfound hope he had never experienced in his life, and it was now, only the beginning.

Tablet XXXVII: The Right To A Deceiver
But when they made it back to Arata, Emesh's hope disappeared. In the distance, he could see smoke from the village.
The two rushed over, and found that it had been raided. The buildings were burned down. Emesh found Gilga's multilated, naked mother, or what was left of her.
Whoever had done this had had their way with the women of the village, and simply killed all of the men. Emesh found that the investments he made in the town had been taken.
Eventually, he came upon a dying man just outside the village. The man spoke, "Please... find Gilga! They took him, and all of the other children."
"Who took them?" But the man did not respond. "Who took them?" The man was dead.
Emesh rushed to the next village, looking for survivors, but he found none. Instead, he learned who had done this. One of the men had been hung to a tree, stripped naked like Aluzinnu had been.
His dick had also been mutilated, but this time, they didn't bother to put a plastic pig costume on him. The words "Emesh" were carved into his chest.
This had been the work of Kish. They had done this to leave some kind of message to Emesh.
He could now imagine the officers from before. They must have tracked him down, through his purchases and delivery schedule. Emesh tried any feasible explanation other than the obvious one.
Emesh wept, and Siduri came to comfort him. Emesh stopped her, "They took the children. We need to save them, no matter the cost."
Emesh and Siduri ventured out to Kish, with the intent of finding the children.
The two ventured through the stargates, arriving upon their destination, the remains of Emesh's fatherland.
As soon as the two left the gate, past the dark fog of the entry, they were surrounded by the Revolutionary Army, who had been waiting for them.
A hundred guns and tanks were pointed at the pair, so they decided upon a temporary surrender.
The Army escorted them to the courthouse, now derelict and covered in grafitti. "Just admit to everything they accuse us of. We don't want to give them any actual information."
A guard overheard, and beat Emesh in the head with his gun. Emesh pretended to feel it.
Soon, they gathered in the People's Court.
"I, Judge Yima, will be representing the people of Kish, but I must inform you that I have a history with this Emesh."
"You see, in the old world, I helped to create the SDA, to protect the people from unscrupulous businessmen."
"Emesh was a particularly stubborn and reactionary parasite. He sold the people gluten-products covered in cheap preservatives."
"He also denied science. When our scientists discovered that his bean farms were changing the weather, he vehemently denied it."
"He fought tooth and nail to circumvent our litigation. I'm sure he thinks he was intelligent."
"But I, too, was successful. I invested my money in companies that respected the workers, the government, and the unions."
"I found that doing so was quite lucrative. I didn't need to exploit the workers to make my billions."
"I just wish that Emesh had learned his lesson. Such senseless and unnecessary actions he took against the people of Kish."
"Tampering. Stealing government property. Sabotage. You brought the famines that killed ten thousand innocent souls. But worst of all, you have committed sedition against the Revolution."
A video of the two from before was playing in the background with Emesh saying "We need to get out of here, before they start asking questions. This place is dead."
Yima then requested, "Do you have anything to say for yourself?"
Emesh came to the pulpit, and the guards got horny, expecting him to defend himself, but he did not.
"I am sorry. And now, my own children have been painted with my guilt, as well as Aluzinnu, who once supported the people. What will come of them?"
Yima was slightly startled. "It is a great shame that I had to sentence Aluzinnu to death. The children will be educated, and made to be happy, productive members of society."
"Where are they?"
"I felt sorry for you, but I don't have time for conspiracy theories. The children are in the orphanage. Death. Next!"

Tablet XXXVIII: A Cage Within A Cage
And so, Yima sentenced Emesh to death. But death was common. They had to make a show of it for maximum effect. And so, they would convene to find a suitable punishment for them.
The two were escorted to separate jail cells, but Emesh refused to separate from Siduri. A guard cracked a baton into his face, and Emesh responded by headbutting the guard.
"You'll get yours, later!" The two were placed in a cell together by a guard who looked like he really needed a drink, who locked the door behind them.
Soon, the guards left, and Siduri asked, "Why didn't you try to defend yourself?"
"Behind every prohibitionist is a closet drug-pusher with an inferior product."
"Behind every drug-pusher is a closet prohibitionist with a gun. And Yima is both."
"The only purpose of that trial was for him to make his thugs feel stronger than they are, and make them easier to control."
"But Yima and I arrived at a deal, you see; which is why he revealed information about the children."
"A deal? What do you mean?" inquired Siduri.
"Think about it, Siduri. Aluzinnu was an open book, who spent half his time talking about destroying me. Everyone knew he was one of them. Why do you think he's dead?"
Siduri thought "Maybe he stood up for you?"
Emesh turned his head away, and then back, "I wouldn't count on it. How do you think they found the village?"
"I hired him, because he would be too stupid to make changes to a self-sustaining company, and so that his allies might not destroy it."
"There was a part of me that saw my former self in him; a young fool with destructive convictions. I wanted, more than anything, to set him on the right path."
"I gave him the keys to power, and it would have taken him ten minutes of real work to implement his communist utopia."
"And who knows, maybe he'd even send me some supplies if he heard I was trying to create world peace."
"I would have expected that my priests would need to occasionally give him nonsense paperwork to keep him occupied, but that never came up."
"He almost immediately became a sadistic, alcoholic womanizer. And so I realized something;"
"Aluzinnu isn't an egalitarian. He has no convictions beyond what he thinks will get him a harem of women. He's an animal."
"And Yima is a butcher. There's a few reasons Aluzinnu wasn't sitting there in that judge's table calling you a stuck-up bitch."
"The first is that he can't just blame everything on me, without them pointing out he was my regent, making it worse for himself."
"The second is that he's too dumb to realize it wasn't a misunderstanding on Yima's part."
"But the most important reason is something far more inherent; Pretty boys are rarely intelligent. They don't need to be. There's a cosmic irony in the equality of that."
"And Yima is, true to his gloating, the most formidable adversary I have ever known."
"He avoided any real answers on the location of the children, while feigning remorse for Aluzinnu's death. I couldn't have done it better."
Suddenly, the two heard slow clapping from outside the prison door. It was the guard that locked him in.
"Bravo. You figured it all out from your jail cell. Maybe if you had that big, pretentious brain of yours before, you wouldn't have come here."
"Real fucking smart for a billionaire to sneak into a country immediately following a revolution, and for a fucking stick."
"And because of your savior complex, that village had to die. You're right, Emesh. I am a monster."
"I ordered the extermination of a village and the desecration of their bodies."
"I followed a manipulative con-man who made his billions feeding the delusions of narcissistic man-children, and there wasn't an atom of me that believed they'd make any kind of paradise."
"The only thing I don't regret was designing Aluzinnu's punishment. He tried to pump and dump my sister."
"But you know what, Emesh? There's no rest for the wicked. Some people have mouths to feed. And my sister has leukemia."
"The straight and narrow path can't pay the bills. And a society that refuses this simple premise better be smart enough to come loaded."
"So, what the fuck are you going to do from your jail cell?"
"Your sister has leukemia? Bring her to me. I can operate on her."
"She's dead. Is there a cosmic irony in that?"
"I'm sorry your sister is dead."
"I'll bet you are."
"But I'm not responsible for that. Yima is. And you have to know he's gonna set you up as the fall guy for the villagers."
"I know what I got myself into. Why do you think he made me responsible for your imprisonment? I'm the one who failed to scare you away."
"You're not the only smart guy. You're just a nerd who had to make a billion-shekel company in order to get laid."
"But don't compare me to Aluzinnu. I never had a choice in any of this."
"I know you didn't. But please, if you know anything about the children, we can still save them."
"Oh, give me a break. As if they'd be better off with you, running for their lives from the red, blue and white army. You think they won't shoot children?"
"So you know where they are. Then please humor me?"
"Fine. I'm a dead man anyway. I don't believe you can actually save them, but maybe I can larp as a hero for a little bit before I die."
"Oh, dear Annunaki! I've killed a hundred. But I almost saved a child by freeing Emesh, Lord Protector! Give us our daily bread!"
"The children are at your old factory. Yima is there, too. I don't wanna know why. When they find your cell empty, they'll put me out of my misery. I'll go get the keys."
Emesh pried the prison bars apart. "That won't be necessary, and you potentially have an alibi."
"But I'd still advise you run. You don't wanna be around for what comes next. You were very helpful. Thank you."
"And I like the way that sounds; Lord Protector. I think your insults could use a little work." Emesh smiled.
The guard was stunned. "I think... I'm finally free from a cage."
Emesh wondered what might have happened, had he chosen this man, instead of Aluzinnu.

Tablet XXXIX: Freedom And Equality
The two made it back to the old company, and found it surrounded by guards. Some children tended to a flock of sheep in the distance, with adult men pointing guns at them.
But people knew that it was for democratic purposes, so it was ok.
The two needed a way to get in, but simply dressing as soldiers wasn't going to cut it. They needed to make a distraction, and then they noticed some "Founders" rioting in the street.
Nearby, there was a house slightly larger than the others, and these Founders were blocking the streets for everyone except some of the party members on their way to the facility.
The family inside were desperately reciting theory from their little tablet, in hopes that the protestors would go away, so the two joined the crowd.
The people around them were... colorful. Far too colorful to be suffering from any kind of famine. Some of them were even obese.
This was very surprising to Siduri, but Emesh had grown to expect this kind of thing.
Emesh shouted, "We need to bring these people on our march of liberation!"
The family man holding the book suddenly held a face of despair. The family looked hungry, and now, their despair was even greater.
"That's an excellent idea, comrade! Its never too early for a quality education!" He began eye-ing the goods inside of the house.
"Yes, Comrade Kingu! I think it would be excellent for our newest recruits to show off the home of our dear Chairmen Yima, over there!"
He began pointing his gun at the family, motioning them to leave.
Kingu escorted the family and crowd from their home, taking them for a tour of the grand facility.
"Yima is conducting grain vernalization experiments to increase production. Grain could be transformed, if it grew up in the right conditions."
Emesh pointed Siduri to a utility entrance. They entered the building, and closed the door behind them.
Behind the door, Emesh found Chairman Yima. He was lying in a bed, adorning his fat body in nothing but a sheep-nomad hat, crotchless leather chaps, and a cigarette in his hand."
On the cold, office floor, Gilga was shivering in rags, with a collar around his neck.
Yima noticed Emesh, and wasted no time pulling out his flintlock pistol, unloading it on Emesh. Three of the four shots pierced Emesh. One hit the heart.
But Emesh was only a sheep in that he didn't seem to notice. And as soon as Yima understood the implications, he panicked.
Emesh wasted little time, and took the judge from the bed, holding him in the air, awaiting a response.
"I guess this does look pretty bad to normal people like you. You get to be happy, with that woman beside you."
"I have different needs, that society would never consider, allow, or even accept me should I refuse temptation."
"My life has never been fair. I'm not any different from anyone else. It's the taboos of society that made this harder for the child than it needed to be. Society stole the boy's innocence, or perhaps it was fate. Not me."
Emesh held Yima in his hands, and stated, "I will never forgive you for hurting Gilga. But you're right."
"The world isn't fair. Among the millions of deluded freedom-fighters in this world, your suffering was more genuine than any of them."
"You were born a monster, whose sick mind would never grant a chance at a normal life. They killed millions for nothing but their ego. And I would know."
"But you know, I actually DID take notice of that 'free candy' section at the top of your little pyramid."
"Only, I thought it was to imply that the people are children; that my crusade was useless. I can be very self-involved."
"Pride blinds us to obvious truths. It took me finding people I actually care about to see that."
"But you aren't special. Newsflash, everyone is attracted to youth to some extent."
"Some people control themselves. Some people strive for eternal youth and make multi-billion shekel companies."
"Others lie, because they fucked in school, and want to exert dominance over the nerd who didn't peak like they did."
"The truth is, you're not even a pedophile, not that that would be decent."
"You could have gone to a third world country for this. What you're really into is the thrill of murder and torture."
"The only reason I won was borderline cartoonish, like one of the sheep-nomad films you used to sell a product, subjecting your own people to a miserable half-existence."
"So I know you'll understand when I say, I have to kill you."
Emesh rammed his fist directly through the judge's face, butchering Yima into pieces.
"May you find freedom and equality in the only place it exists." The stained sheep-nomad hat fell to the ground.

Tablet XL: Lord Protector
Emesh and Siduri went over to Gilga, who was still shaking. They removed the collar, and gave him some food from the judge's refreshment fridge.
Gilga was covered in bruises, and wouldn't speak.
Emesh spoke to him, "Gilga, do you remember what I told you the day I brought the staff? I need you to be very brave. Just like you've always been."
"There are many children who can still be saved, in all of this, and I need you to help me."
"Siduri, you will go room to room, 'cashing out Yima's special clients', and bring the children to my lab. There's no other way."
"Gilga, I need you to go to the field outside, and bring me as many sheep as you can."
Siduri stopped Emesh, "But you don't have your tools in the lab anymore. How will you-"
Emesh stopped her, "Think about it, Siduri. What do you think these men were doing with the children when they were done with them? Why do you think they were using my facility for this?"
"Oh. That's horrifying."
"Yes, it is. And if I know my priesthood, they're likely doing whatever they can to advise these monsters, to at least partially contain the famines."
"It's what I would have told them to do. They are not traitors. Bring as many of them to me as you can."
"Gilga, if the men outside ask you what you're doing, tell them you're under orders to bring the sheep inside. None of these people question anything, for fear of being seen as traitors to the revolution."
And so, Siduri went room to room, quietly slaughtering pedophiles, and bringing the half-dead children to Emesh, who then operated on them with the sheep that Gilga brought to them.
One after another, the children were transformed into beings strong enough to survive this horrific world, finally having the last of their innocence taken from them.
The members of the priesthood were gradually returned to Emesh, who sped up the process. Plenty of amnestics, and other psychadelic drugs that would have to suffice, were also found, to Emesh's great relief.
Those children ventured out and killed the Red, Blue and White Guardsmen, bringing new children to Emesh and his priests.
One after another, the child army grew, and the Red Army was no match for these child soldiers, even with their tanks and their guns and their bombs.
Some of the priests were deployed to revive any of the children who had been killed by the Red, Blue and White Army in this process.
Eventually, the Army surrendered to Emesh, who hadn't even intended on winning any wars. It had been his original intention to simply bring the children to his new empire, and that was still his goal.
Emesh lay only one demand to the survivors of the Red, Blue, and White Army. "Fuck off and never return."
As for the Founders, no one was around to protect them anymore. They didn't understand this, and still maintained their antics, blocking highways, rioting, but this time, normal people didn't put up with them anymore.
Many of them were killed by the vengeful family-members of the deceased, and soon enough, they were relegated to the bottom of society.
Few would be forgiven, and nobody wanted to hire them for even middle class wages.
Eventually, they would have to live in little ghost-towns with their own. The common outcome required little tyrants to treat them all as slaves and force them to work.
They would be forced to work in the mines and the field, and no businessperson would exploit them by paying for equipment.
Did they deserve better? This is only a description of events. And it wasn't real democracy.
Emesh and Siduri decided that they would give the children a future, no matter the cost.
They brought the children to their secret empire in Eridu, and began training them in all forms of engineering, biology, software, physics, and logic.
But they realized that this was not enough to create fully-functioning leaders, and so they began to also educate them in psycho-analytics, history, tactics, art, and rhetorics.
Siduri was particularly adept at chemistry, manufacturing and diplomacy, having been a brewer and manager for much of her life.
These children would become the new kings of the Universe, managing events from the shadows, while operating from their secret empire.
And Gilga, the oldest of them, was to be the king of kings. He would take the title, "Gilgamesh", leading his flock of men with Enten's rod of kingship.
Was this an unfair burden placed upon him? Perhaps. But a crueller fate lie in the absence of hope. And Gilgamesh deserved better than that.

Tablet XLI: Nergal Addresses the Founders In Kish
Nergal descended onto the planet of Kish, and sought to congradulate the Red, Blue and White Army for their good works.
"Truly, you are my people. The greatest of mankind, in fact."
"I really thought you guys did a great job. I loved it when you dropped the coffee into the harbor, and blocked the roadways."
Nergal was now twisting his non-existant nipples with a huge, shit-eating grin.
"It was all a really good idea. But I have come to elaborate on some greater wisdom you must learn."
"You see, red-coated lawmen wish to kill you, particularly if you look differently from them."
"And so, it is imperative that you learn belt-wrestling to protect yourself from these gunmen."
"Your lives matter to me. There is no other reason I might-"
Suddenly, Innana came down, swinging her fists, screaming, "You're so fucking stupid, Nergal!"
"See?" Nergal addressed the crowd. "The Woman wishes to hold us all down!"
"I'm an Annunaki, you fucking psychopath! Get back to the Coliseum! We have actual work to do!"
Nergal whispered to her, "Calm down, Innana. Can't you see I'm working?"
He then began shouting, "Give me liberty or give me death! You can't hold us all forever!"
"All you fucking care about is death!" yelled Innana, pulling Nergal away from the stand by the nape of his neck.
"Don't let the system hold you down! Demand freedom in every and all situations!" yelled Nergal, holding his fist to the air.
"Shut the fuck up, Nergal! I cannot deal with this right now! Go back to slaughtering peasants in the arena!"
Nergal continued whispering to Innana, "Hey! I kill rich people, too. And then we eat them!"

Tablet XLII: King Of Kings
Gilgamesh, for the first time in his life, felt that he held real agency, thanks to Emesh, and the hope Emesh had given him. Hope for a better Universe.
Gilgamesh exceled in all the material given to him, particularly combat. For him, combat was not merely a way to feel cool, or to be some kind of ninja. For him, it was real.
He soon adopted a role of mentorship for his flock, joining Emesh and Siduri as the teachers.
Emesh's priesthood had made reclamation upon Kish, and would send the occasional supplies and food that Emesh needed, while their empire was still in its infancy.
In time, the children would become the most capable beings, both physically, spiritually and mentally, in the Universe. Not only that, but they were now timeless beings.
And so, the children of war ventured out, bringing their knowledge and wisdom to the far-reaches of the Universe.
In time, Gilgamesh grew into a man, and took his duties very seriously. He had become a fanatic in his duties, in fact.
Siduri grew very worried of Gilgamesh, and consulted him. "Everyone dies eventually. There are limits to what any man can do. Don't overburden yourself."
But Gilgamesh did not take this comment in the way that she intended. Tragedy was the fate written on that boy.
"You're right. I can't possibly rule this Universe in my current form. I am only a man. There are too many limitations placed upon me. I need power. The power that only the Annunaki can give."
Siduri was horrified, and Emesh took notice immediately.
"Gilga, you can simply use a mechanical relay to do what you want to do. I can teach you how to use software to-"
"That isn't enough. I need copies of my mind, itself. There's no other way."
Siduri argued, "Gilga, we love you. Don't do this. You will be throwing away your eternal existence for a half one. Please, stop and think. This isn't worth it!"
"Any cost, no matter how great, is worth it. Humanity needs me. I love you, too, but the two of you are being selfish."
"If you will not do it, then only I can."
Emesh protested "Gilga, we don't owe these people our lives. It is enough that we manage affairs from the background."
"We must teach mankind to become self-sufficient, so that they may follow the golden standard on their own."
"That's exactly what I intend to do, father. But none of that can be done without power. You know I'm right."
"I won't let you throw your life away! You will not leave Eridu!" shouted Emesh.
The two began to fight, with the ferocity unknown to mortal men. The two held no fists back; for in whatever occurred, a priest could simply revive the corpse left behind.
Emesh eventually overpowered Gilgamesh, and was beginning to beat his face in, crying over his son as he did so. But Siduri stopped him.
"Emesh, look at what you're doing to our boy. Is this truly a better existence for him?"
"I don't have a choice, Siduri! He's going to throw his life away, for the shadow of an existence as some kind of Machine Annunaki."
"Then the best we can offer him is that he knows we love him! That's all we can do for him! We can't control him, forever!"
Emesh looked at Gilgamesh, beaten bloody, but still conscious and looking directly at him.
"Think! How will you lead humanity as a shadow? How can humanity be led by anyone but a man?"
Gilga responded "When that comes up, I'll have you, dad."
Emesh was now sobbing profusely, and left Siduri and Gilga alone.
"Please forgive your father. He wants what's best for you, but doesn't know what to do, right now."
"I know, mom."
"You've always been a brave boy. Braver than any boy I've ever known, except maybe your father. And that makes the two of us worried about the things you get up to, sometimes."
Gilgamesh said nothing.
"But we hope that, whatever you do, you'll be happy. That's what the two of us want, more than anything."
"I think, maybe you'll always feel responsibility for mankind. And you'll never be happy, for so long as your flock is hurting."
"And so, I can't keep you from doing what you want to do. Even though I want to, more than anything in the world."
"Go. Before I change my mind."

Tablet XLIII: The Opposite Of Murder
Gilgamesh ventured out to join the coliseum-games, and won effortlessly. It obviously wasn't a contest at all
To his surprise, Nergal was in Eden with Innana. Gilgamesh's memories flooded back to him, remembering Nergal from his childhood.
Back then, Gilgamesh had been attempting suicide by venturing into the dessert, but had been stopped by Nergal.
Back then, Nergal had told Gilgamesh, "Do not despair, for you will serve a greater purpose to the Universe."
Gilgamesh approached Nergal, now snickering at him, and inquired, "How did you know I was going to become king?"
Nergal laughed and whispered, "That wasn't what I meant at all. And you're not very self-aware, anymore. You've always wanted to die, and now, you'll never get to!"
Innana didn't understand what he was saying, and punched Gilgamesh into An, the eternal afterlife.
Gilgamesh suddenly found himself in a sea of text, symbols, and meaningless data. He couldn't move. He couldn't breathe. But he didn't feel pain, either. He didn't feel anything.
He could hear Nergal gloating from outside.
"Well? Are you going to rule humanity from your new home, oh King of Kings?"
Innana was now staring at Nergal.
"Guess what, Gilgamesh? No one is going to feel any sympathy for you. You stole someone's eternity from them for your own ego."
Innana was now punching at Nergal, with him holding her head away from him.
"You had it all. A family that loved you. A home. And you threw it all away! Hahahahaha!"
Nergal was now laughing maniacally on the ground, with Innana desperately trying to beat the shit out of him.
"But don't worry, Gilgamesh! We have the perfect role for you! The Annunaki are creating something they call post-scarcity! You get to manage the humans in this new position!"
"Just like you always wanted! To be their king! We'll even give you some mechanical droids! Isn't that amazing? Hahahahaha!"
Innana was now beating Nergal's face into the ground with a giant boulder, but nothing proved effective.
Innana now spoke, "I don't know what Nergal is talking about, but please don't listen to a word he says."
"Nergal is seriously messed up in the head. We would, however, be happy to have you help us on the new post-scarcity experiment."
Nergal retorted, "See? I told you-" Innana stomped Nergal's face into the ground.

Tablet XLIV: The Post-Scarcity Initiative
As part of the Annunaki's post-scarcity initiative, the Annunaki created the walled planet, Uruk.
They, with careful calculation, set the planet's rotation in a manner that would optimize a continuous counterweight to entropy, calculations only Enki could perform.
The day to night cycle, along with the height of the planet itself, were optimized to allow for continuous weather patterns, and continuous energy-differentials, the most important ingredient of life.
In achieving this, a secondary outcome was that of creating hollow spaces, through which cities would flourish under the surface of Uruk.
In time, Uruk became prosperous, and then decadent, and then slaves to fear. Their lives were effortless; their minds would be given no challenge or purpose.
Though it rained every day on the surface of the planet, who had ever seen it? And why would they?
As they were only stupid, and did not pose a threat to the galaxy, the Annunaki set their attention elsewhere, but would never attempt it again.
As for the residents, every drug was available to them, every convenience afforded by the computer, Gilgamesh. They engaged in orgies, pageants, bloodsports; to make them feel anything at all.
Lugalbanda was one such pit fighter. Bound in angel wings, he lavishly tortured his enemies. But in his own twisted way, he was helping them.
Anger was all that was left. The only thing to hold on to. He had given his victims renewed purpose in revenge, and they would spend a lifetime of adventure. They had nothing better to do.
Lugalbanda thought of himself as a doctor of sorts. One who took a docile plant, and turned it into a proper animal, the way things should be. And was he not correct? It wasn't a high bar, certainly.
That isn't to say there wasn't some reason to his motivations, but things did not go as previously anticipated. His victims would rally together, and rather than attack him, they would attack easier targets.
Lugalbanda had not intended for his project to scale, but it did. It's quite a problem if everyone in the universe joins a cult of slaughter, though he suspected its region would be limited to Uruk.
He intended it as a joke, and now a planet was lost.
You see, Lugalbanda understood, but underestimated, the effectiveness of his cure. In the excesses of Uruk, the human mind needed new methods of learning and back-propagation.
This cult of suicide was born of a survival mechanism. If everything is perceived as a reward, then from an evolutionary perspective, something must be wrong with the learning apparatus.
It is why dopamine receptors become less sensitive with inundation. New hardships must continuously be created, even artificial ones, so as to test mankind. No different from playing fetch with a domesticated animal.
Though he was the spark, he was not the cause. A garden overgrown was doomed to burn. By the end of it, few even remembered who he was.
One day, Enkidu was strolling about on his way to the brothel. Everyone was. Suddenly, the world exploded around Enkidu. Shrapnel flew everywhere. The slaughter cult had targeted the pleasure district.
Enkidu was shell-shocked. He felt angry at the slaughter cult who had done this. At first, he wanted revenge, but then he saw something spectacular.
At the base of the ruined brothel lay a stream of water, but not like a shower. It came in small drops from a light in the ceiling; but there was no ceiling? "Am I dead? Is this Annunaki?" he asked?
He climbed up the piles of debris, and was stunned. There before him, lay a new world.

Tablet XLV: Tamer Of Tyrants
Enkidu arose from the ruined ceiling of Uruk, and encountered vast valleys, rivers, and farmlands.
The lands seemed to be tended by mechanical drones, whose arms were able to position them in a standing position, when not dragging about the dirt.
In the distance, Enkidu could see vast, dark towers. Lightning struck these towers constantly, while the prevailing winds filled the air with tormented howls.
He followed a servitor robot, as it delivered goods to the tower. He met no resistance, and entered the front entrance, along with the others.
But when he entered, he was apprehended by a mechanical arm. "What are you doing here, on the surface?" came the voice of none other than Gilgamesh, the master-computer that ruled this planet.
"The ceiling was destroyed", stammered Enkidu.
Gilgamesh appeared annoyed on the screen. "Of course the ceiling broke. I manage every inch of this place. Why did you leave the exit? First, I had to manage the manchildren, then the slaughter cult, and now YOU."
This shocked Enkidu to his very core. He had never had a candid understanding of Gilgamesh, only seeing him as a mindless servitor.
A hatch in the floor opened, and Gilamesh motioned for Enkidu to enter, "This will take you back to the city. Enter now. Every millisecond for you is like an eternity for me."
Enkidu stammered back, "but I don't want to enter. I want to go back to-"
Gilgamesh cut him off, "No, you don't. Outside is cold, and you are clearly incapable of fending for yourself."
Enkidu, like the impertinent manchild that he was, broke free, and ran back to the outer world.
True to his word, it was cold, and Enkidu took refuge under a tree. He lived off of produce from the accompanying farmlands, and the robots seemed not to mind.
You see, Gilgamesh had long grown detached from humanity, or perhaps it was the reverse. To Gilgamesh, there was nothing but meaningless symbols, for which he arbitrated over.
To him, heaven was like hell. He had no body, and he watched as those living beings wasted the most precious gifts they had been given on nothing.
In all of this wonderful, miraculous world that the Annunaki had bestowed, he was doomed to exist forever, without being able to experience any of it.
In his mechanical form, Gilgamesh did suffer immensely. He wanted revenge against Nergal, but was too depressed to go through with it. And these beings, that live in utopia, lead infantile lives he must cater to.
To him, this Enkidu seemed to be no different; a stupid animal. But over time, Gilgamesh observed Enkidu, and even grew somewhat attached to him.
Although he could only watch, he lived vicariously through Enkidu's adventures, as stupid and bumbling as he may have been.
One day, an icy storm was forecasted to raze the region housing Enkidu, and Gilgamesh unexpectedly took great pity on him.
He sent out many drones to rescue him, but Enkidu refused. Gilgamesh apologized to Enkidu and once more, promised to take Enkidu to his favorite brothel.
Enkidu asked Gilgamesh, "Why do you manage the humans?"
"Because it is my duty."
"That's stupid." stammered Enkidu.
"Excuse me?"
"Who told you you needed to manage the humans? Why can't they simply live on their own, without you telling them what to do?"
"Because if I don't, they'll ruin their own lives and happiness."
"Then let them. Why can't you be happy instead?"

Tablet XLVI: Eridu Genesis
For the first time in his existence, Gilgamesh felt free, and this strange Enkidu seemed to make life worth living.
The two went on adventures together, doing wacky dipshit things a ruffian male might have engaged in. In his new computer form, Gilgamesh had been given the childhood he never had.
This went on for quite some time, and the two soon became the greatest of friends.
But then, it dawned on Gilgamesh; Enkidu was mortal. And what's more, Enkidu would never be able to become a champion in the games. This caused him great distress.
But then, Gilgamesh remembered his immortal father in Eridu. How long had it been? A decade. He wanted to see his father again.
And so, the two ventured out to Eridu. Gilgamesh was a little afraid.
"What should I say to my father when I see him again, or to my mother? I'm sure they're worried sick about me."
Enkidu returned word. "I don't know. I don't have any parents."
"But you must have parents. Someone must have been taking care of you."
"Some sort of mechanical servitors took care of me."
"Oh. Of course... Well, that's ok. I'm sure Emesh and Siduri will love you just like they loved me."
Eventually, the two made it to the secret entrance of Eridu, and entered.
The place was busy like Gilgamesh remembered it, with super-human citizens retrieving information, and depositing materials for later consumption.
Suddenly, one of the citizens noticed the pair, and walked over. "Hello. How did you find this place?"
"Oh, don't worry about that. It's me, Gilgamesh!"
There was silence in the room. Everyone was looking at Gilgamesh and Enkidu.
"Then please follow me, Gilgamesh and... your guest."
The two were led through the corridors, and eventually came face to face with Emesh and Siduri.
"Who are these two?" asked Emesh.
"It's Gilgamesh."
Emesh dropped the welder from his hand, and jumped over the counter, holding the monitor of his son.
"Gilga, where have you been? Your mother and I have been so worried about you."
"I'm sorry, dad. I wanted to help the Annunaki out with their post-scarcity initiative, and the thing fell through the floor."
"The Annunaki didn't know how to fix my situation, so they just kind of left me to continue managing the population there."
"Well, thank the Annunaki you're back home. And who is this, with you? A new friend of yours?"
"Yes, father. I was hoping you could operate on him, and grant him eternal life."
"I suppose that shouldn't be too difficult, but before that, I wanted to tell you I might have a way to restore you."
"To restore me?"
"That's correct. I studied everything about Erishkigal's work, and found that her use of neural pathways could be reverse-engineered onto a mechanical frame like ours use."
"It doesn't really even matter if we have the original alignment. We can just run a simulation in reverse to create a suitable alternative."
"I have been spending every day trying to bring you back, since you left those ten years ago."
And so, a banquet was held with Enkidu and the rest. Gilgamesh was not yet among the living, but it would only be a matter of time until Gilgamesh was restored to a human form.
The men of Eridu ate bread before Gilgamesh, their returned king. The Eridu Empire was about to reach a golden age, never seen before.

Tablet XLVII: Ea Nasir's Copper-Surfaced Dirt
In the war-torn regions of the universe, the threat of war created opportunities for those willing to risk it all; for in a suicide cult, it is the least-suicidal member who is killed first.
If there is an incentive for such behavior, then such behavior is inevitable. This was, indeed, the case for the inhabitants of the Tigris Nebula.
Tigris was a relatively desolate region, only vaguely-connected to the wider galaxy, and thus, trade was conducted between its continents, rather than its sole Star-Gateway.
In addition to this, the planet was also very hot; humans lived only in the north and south poles of the planet.
A constant, orange, warm sun illuminated both empires from the horizon, except for a period of 30 days they dubbed "The black days", where the sun was blot out entirely.
This caused problems for farmers, but the planet was still warm and habitable due to warm winds from the equator.
There were also wet and dry seasons, in addition to locusts, that the farmers had to contend with.
On its north pole, The Axel Empire was a prosperous, but landlocked region, thinly separated from the oceans of Tigris.
Axel contained the sole star-bridge, hence the name, it was not a valuable trade route, compared to with the southern empire, and had fallen in disrepair.
The Axel Enpire had no choice, but to send product through the country, Ur, that formed the perimeter of the continent, and was taxed to excess.
There existed endless skirmishes along the border, as those inhabitants fought, supposedly for the sake of Axel's emancipation.
This, however, was only to the sheer horror of Axel's mainland, as they were terrified of the war that may ensue, or how it may gravely impact Axel's position abroad, up to and including nuclear anhilation.
King Nani of Axel believed that the only option was to make concessions, and hope that this newfound trust would end this situation, but it did not.
One day, a being arrived through the Gates. The man was covered in a shiny Alloy, darker than that of the piercing void. The inhabitants of Axel had never seen such a strange being, and approached him curiously.
They jostled him, "We come in peace."
The dark man responded; "You are a bit naive. If peace is granted to enemies, then they will resort to petty terrorism, and so, such a decision must be one that is pending. Do you understand?"
"Then, who are you?" inquired the crowd of onlookers.
"If you need a name, then 'A Name' will be effective for my purposes. I am not yet entirely certain of how my visit will impact this region."
The onlookers misunderstood, and heard "Ur Nammu", which the man did not bother to correct.
"You see, I am an agent of an empire whose members are comprised of perfected beings. Where biological parts are most efficient, they are used. Where mechanical parts are most efficient, they are used."
"Those parts that comprise my organic being are quite content, for reasons that are, as of yet, beyond your understanding."
Ur Nammu concluded the introductions; "It has come to our attention, the disarray that has befallen your empire, which is a trend that we find deeply disturbing."
"Though we see that your king has attempted peaceful means, we believe that he needs 'words', of which I will give him, and which is the purpose of my visit."
Nani stepped out, wearing a golden crown, and asserted "I am the king. I believe truth is the best practice, so please, enlighten all of us."
Ur Nammu showed an unexpected level of respect for the man, although he had previously seemed emotionless.
"Yes. I agree. I believe truth is the best option."
"You find yourself in a prison of Ur, due to the deceptions that plague this planet. To your world, ownership of natural resources is dictated arbitrarily, by long-standing blood feuds."
"If a man bled on it, it is respected down through his lineage."
"This is contrary to the laws of rightful appropriation. One lays ownership over resources, to the extent, that from his work, or through trading with those under voluntary partnership, altered and improved upon its condition."
"Mankind is ruled by metal, and all conflict arises from scarcity. It will either be by coins, or by swords."
"Their claim of ownership extends to lands they have never farmed, nor improved upon, and any claim of damages is entirely incidental to the yolk they have placed upon your necks."
"Though I do not expect this message to be understood, nor for you to take such a risk in a world plagued by irrationality, I have an alternative proposition to solve your problem."
"King Ea Nasir of Ur asserts that it is their rightful sovereignty by which they may rule their land and impose tariffs.
Yet, we all know that any subgroups within them who copied such words would immediately be crushed by Ea Nasir, himself.
His men do nothing, but play with swords. Most of them are losers or slaves. He does this to dissuade prospecting immigrants, who may wish for a stake in a diminishing pile of copper."
"A bacteria that wishes to preserve itself, will not only expropriate resources from the body it subsists upon, but act to keep out other foreign invaders that may take its place."
"It is in its long term interest that the body of which it lays claim continues to create resources, by which it may expropriate."
"If the body is deceased, it can no longer do so. There is a natural proportion of bodily and unwanted life that exists in balance with one another."
"And on a related note, the previous war conducted by some of your men was not stupidity, but betrayal."
"Nonetheless, think more about my words, and you will understand what you need to do. I will not say directly, as I wish to test if you are worthy."
"Remember, a nation prospers when old men plant trees whose shade they will never enjoy."
Ur Nammu turned around, and swiftly departed.

Tablet XLVIII: Ur Nammu's Banquet
Everyone in Axel was stunned, and for weeks, all they could talk about was what they thought Ur Nammu might have meant was the solution.
Did Ur Nammu merely wish for them to destroy one another, and scour the remains for his perfected empire? No. He even referred to such action as betrayal.
Though King Nani was no fool, this setting could not last indefinitely. In time, the tariffs would grow more exorbitant until despair made war inevitable. He had no answer to their petty terrorism.
"Of course, the reason for an organism to be good is to cooperate, rather than fight, but how will that help with those who refuse to cooperate? Is war both inevitable, and our end?
I cannot subject my people to war. However justified is our plight, we will be seen as the aggressors. I must not fail this prisoner's dilemma."
But if they are bacteria existing on the surface, then concessions were always a terrible idea. That was also not a sufficient answer.
King Nani was no fool, and understood the nature of bacteria. Though a bacteria can only exist in long-term stability when along a surface of a healthy host, it would also excrete slime to protect itself.
How many conscripted slaves did Ea Nasir possess? A million? A hundred million?
If Ur Nammu's metaphor was to be followed, those men who conducted war against the bacteria were not anti-bodies, but competing bacteria, struggling to breathe.
This hidden motivation explained why they seemed to be so out-of-control, and also explained the 'resentment' those freedom fighters claimed to possess against Axel. They had been planning to take Ur's place.
Suddenly, the king knew exactly what he needed to do.
Nani halted all trade through Ur, and insisted that his people trade using the Star-Gateway. It had not been used in centuries, and was run down, so they set off to repair those sections that most needed it.
"We must take a loss today, so that tomorrow, our children may live in freedom. If you break this covenant, and some of you may have excuses, know that it is to the detriment of your children, and we will not forgive you."
And so, bands of merchants went to work on the stargate. By the time they had reached the endpoint, they came upon a desolate wasteland with a small, unenclosed kitchen-ette and crates of ingredients.
They could hear Ur Nammu's demonic voice behind some of the crates. "600 cures bring 600 afflictions, but the lords did not care; the heroics of a cure more useful to their motivations than prevention."
"For wasted efforts, I will never see her again. And so, I will topple their tower of preening. I will break their motor, and send them to the ninth circle. And I will be there with them."
Suddenly, a young man stepped out from behind the crates, carrying some dinnerware, and a ladel. This man seemed to take notice his guests, and ceased monologueing.
"Oh, hello! My lord's empire has already repaired the other 3 gates between our worlds, and terraformed it enough to be breathable. Please, take a seat at the table."
Ur Nammu had arranged a banquet for these men, set with exquisite detail. It was almost gawdy when set before the lifeless husk of a planet in the background.
"For the main course, I've prepared a spicy coffee-avocado marsala over rotini and roasted carrots. I also have a side of candied fruit and a peanut spread."
The men sat down and ate. They loved the peanut spread, but did not care for the coffee-pasta, unfortunately.
"That's too bad. I had received a positive review from an old friend, but perhaps, he had more niche interests, and that isn't conducive to mass-appeal."
This was nothing like Ur Nammu's original appearance. Before, he was distant and cold. He seemed warmer than he had been, but then abruptly changed the discussion.
"If you are now here, then your people have passed the test, and we are honored to have you as our allies. Welcome to the 11th planet of the Empire of Eridu."
"Though we hold official ownership over the land, the taxes only account for excises and use of the more-valuable parcels of land. Eridu honors those farmlands and facilities that are productive."
"Those who abide by these agreements will be granted protections on that property they have earned, in exchange for our expropriations."
"Additionally, you are free to conduct trade with the outer realms and Four Corners Incorporated, or engage in contractual agreements as you see fit."
"We recommend you wait at least a year, before you allow access to any of Ur, or the traitors who wished to take their place. They wanted war, and now they will learn the consequences of the Annunaki granting it to them." 
"Gilib, himself, suggested it while we were getting help with calculations from Enki. Unity and cooperation is contingent where there are opportunities for long-term gain, and where convenience exists."
"However, Eridu offers peace to those among them who will exchange swords for plowshares. The sins of the father are as invalid as Ur's bloodrights, and mercy is the price for repentance."
Ur Nammu ceased monologueing.
The men sat at the table, and began to enjoy the fruits of their labor. Their journey, for now, had come to an end.
They wondered what the empire had in store for them, but for now, it appeared that they wished to be friends rather than enemies.

Tablet XLIX: Axel's Victory
Gilgamesh and Enkidu soon received a transmission from their once nameless brother, now known as Ur Nammu.
Ur Nammu described a positive outcome had occurred, but Enkidu did not understand.
Gilgamesh now had a physical form, in addition to dominion over An.
"Why did you have the Annunaki only half-terraform the planet?"
Gilgamesh responded, "Something I learned during my time on the post-scarcity initiative."
"Generally speaking, societies are doomed to forever repeat a cycle of sorts; strong men create good times create weak men create bad times."
"A thousand years from now, the society we leave behind may become decadent, and then horrifying."
"But even when the dark times come, there will always be a space for those who seek a new world."
"This new world will not attract everyone. And so, there will be an opportunity to be free. Let there be unused lands adjacent to a house."
"No matter how difficult it may be, there will always be new opportunities."
Nergal was peacefully sitting on his skull-throne, when one day, he received a message from Ur Nammu. "Do you want my attention?"
Nergal, intrigued at the proposition, opened a terminal to An and connected to Ur Nammu. "You have mine. What brings you to my humble abode? Perhaps you wish to join my throne?"
There was a delay, slightly longer than could be explained by network return times.
"Yes. You see, I've long observed your actions, and could not come to any form of explanation. You act like a villain, but it never seems to be for financial gain, nor power, and now, your reply seems to rule out attention-seeking."
"Nonetheless, I understand that intent underlies all decisions, and cannot understand yours. You have not destroyed mankind, nor could you. You have helped to build An, but never engaged directly with mankind."
"Impulsive thought belongs to the young, and you are not like other Annunaki. I am forced to conclude that there exists asymmetry of knowledge."
Nergal, rather than being annoyed, seemed slightly entertained. "And what makes you think I can't destroy humanity? Surely, you do not mistake me for some stupid animal, getting by on strength alone."
"We gave some humans fault tolerance, so that we would not destroy them by accident. Your words are impropriety, but I will forgive them, as I am, indeed, a villain. Now, why would I volunteer the cause?"
There was a slight pause, and then Ur Nammu returned, "That you reveal the effects but never the cause, has already answered part of my question."
Nergal was now VERY entertained. "I'm quite impressed at your ability. You are more than just a mere empiricist. I have use for men like you."
"Would you like to help me in my war against humanity?"
Ur Nammu responded, "I'm done following monsters. And I have a company to run in Kish."
Nergal laughed, "But don't you want to work more with Gilga?"
Ur Nammu terminated the connection.

Tablet L: The Three Empires
The Hitites were a warlike people, perhaps borderline barbarians, but unlike the Elamites, generally gave Fealty to the Annunaki.
They enjoyed their own coliseum games, even one's unsanctioned by the Annunaki.
In their nebula, lay three planets.
In one planet lay the Assyrians, a band not entirely unlike the Hitites, but they were fundamentalists, and even fanatics.
Ashurbanipal, loyal even to Nergal, falsely understood Nergal's harp performance as a warning against harps and indulgences.
And so, the Assyrians got to smashing harps. Any music was to strictly venerate the Annunaki.
The nature of this fundamentalism came from the nature of Assyria's landscape, and by extension, their priesthood.
Assyria was a largely-inhospitable world, and work was hard to find.
Whereas the life of a Hitite priest appealed to the celibate closet-homosexual or elders, the life of an Assyrian priest appealed to an Assyrian down on their luck.
The Assyrian Priesthood, therefore, could only see in black and white. And to accept any indulgence was to doom mankind to nuclear anhilation, or so they believed.
Across the planet of the Assyrians lay the Neo-Babylonians, led by Nebuchadnezzar.
The Neo-Babylonians were a studious people, with many academics and intellectuals. They even boasted the largest library of mankind.
Long ago, in the original Babylon, there were Emperors praised, not as warriors, but as master tacticians who led great armies against their enemies.
The greatest honor a man could aspire to was to become one of the Emperor's priesthood and administrators.
This was a daunting task, beset with years of studying and a high chance of failure. Not only that, they were to be chemically castrated, abandoning desire that may interfere with duty.
This practice originated from a long lost philosopher, Diogenes, a vagabond refugee of the Pirate King, Hammurabi.
"Possessions are flying birds, they never find a place to settle. Better to accept that we are all animals and find eternal solace in reincarnation."
He had apparently discovered a tablet depicting that humans would be reincarnated.
He also used to masturbate in front of bar patrons, for in his wisdom, he had found a cost-effective way to abandon desire.
In time, the priests learned of the Red, Blue, and White Army; who once promised freedom and equality for all.
The priests, outcasts of the normal man, desired a means to be relatable to them, and began to employ themselves to these ideals.
This act would only see them resented by the peasants, and thought of as traitors by the Emperor, but this, too, would prove a self-fulfilling prophecy.
In punishing these priests, the Emperor would sow the seeds of his own destruction, for he surrounded himself with agents fearful of him.
Several of the priests took refuge in the theories of Kish, and saw in it, their only way out of a bad place.
They began to spread the messages of Peace, Freedom and Equality to the rural farmers of Babylon.
It almost would have worked, but there was one problem; the farmers hated the priests, and the priests soon found themselves ousted by new usurpers.
The famines that once plagued Kish soon plagued Babylon as well. One of the more horrific new leaders went on a campaign cannibalizing and enslaving billions.
In time, things almost settled down, and some level of actual freedom was restored. They began to look at the errors of the previous implementation and sought to improve it.
"We will have equality with Babylonian characteristics." Many of these administrators were branded as reactionaries and executed, but then listened to.
Capitalist positions were doled out to those who most vehemently denied capitalism, and who most gratuitously worshipped Emperor Nebuchadnezzar's vision.
Surprisingly, this club-membership attracted opportunists rather than true believers; it proved difficult to distinguish one from another.
This bred a hyper-competitive form of economics that barely functioned; parents made their children study 18 hours a day just to become construction workers.
Suicide was common in the meritocratically-assigned underclass, and few could afford children. They just didn't work hard enough studying trivia.
The disgraced founders of Kish made a declaration, "Nebuchadnezzar is a tyrant!  It is a capitalist oligarchy parading as socialism!"
"Socialism is where there's prosperity, and no one works in the mines or the fields! except for reactionaries... This is just an exclusive-club for privileged posers!"
Intellectuals in Babylon responded to these true-believers by referring to them as monkeys, and pointed out how ineffective they had been in their praxis.
One by one, Nebuchadnezzar began to persuade smaller countries on his planet to join his empire, until eventually, his dominion saw the entire planet.
Nebuchadnezzar sought to restore the glory of Babylon. Gilgamesh took heed of this, and feared the reemergence of a Pirate King.

Tablet LI: Gilib Addresses The Library Of Babylon
The ancestors of the Neo-Babylonians were once the most advanced society in the Universe.
But with the arrival of the Philosopher King, Diogenes, their priesthood grew disheartened.
They began to see everything as derivative, concepts of man as idolatry, and even feared that they were useless.
And so, Gilib had come down to address the priests of Babylon. "What makes a thing to be idolatry?"
The priesthood responded, "In all things, there is uncertainty. We can never be certain of the truth."
"And any ideas we have may secretly, be derivative. Anything can be idolatry."
Gilib now addressed the crowd. "It's true that there is great uncertainty in this Universe, even to me."
"And it's also true that people can serve repetitions of the past, bringing nothing new."
"But it is also the case, that knowledge serves a purpose, even if it isn't entirely true."
"Sometimes, a simple falsehood can be more true than an unintelligible and complicated truth."
"By pondering ideas of the past, we can ascend it, creating truly unique innovations."
"An animal's mind serves a biological purpose to the animal, and for so long as you value it, that is enough."
"Desire underlies the value of knowledge. Diogenes merely had a strange way of describing it."
"But in Diogenes, there was something much more important that you possess as well; humility."
"It is also the case, that, even if derivative of other works, a new creation can still serve a valid purpose."
"Even if it's only to reach new audiences who may not appreciate or understand the original."

Tablet LII: The Little Knife Of Cyrus
The Oracle was a descendent of the Matrons. He enjoyed psychadelics, and despite or because of his schizophrenia, was Gilgamesh's greatest agent.
His words were as honey, his insights into the mind profound, and his implications terrifying beyond imagination, heralding rainbows of anhilation.
Nebuchadnezzar did, indeed, intend to conquer Assyria, but there was one problem; the First Coliseum.
Though Nebuchadnezzar took no action, the Oracle immediately understood why.
The Assyrians venerated the Annunaki to an extreme degree, and for Nebuchadnezzar to enslave the planet, he would need to establish a presence by its most important shoreline.
The Oracle took note of this, and called upon a local architect, Cyrus, to build a monument. It would be a monument to the Annunaki, a massive cylindar extending from the sea-bed's trench.
The cylindar contained a massive pump set to go off, and would create a tidal wave, destroying any naval ships that sought to establish dominion over the shores.
It was not a matter of moving the ocean directly. The pump tapped the sea floor, partially straining the connection of Enlil's column, leading to the waves.
They met some resistance at first, but Eridu paid off the locals who complained. And did his best to establish a friendly atmosphere, a daunting task.
The fundamentalists were not easy to get along with. The Oracle had predicted this, and suggested the use of ground forces to stave off the martyrs.
But Cyrus lamented, "Your plan is brilliant, buy I must stress that honesty is always the best option."
"From the perspective of the fundamentalists, they may not fully respect the dire necessity of what we do here."
"It is imperative to the success of our mission that both they and the Hitites understand."
The Oracle responded, "Very well, give them a cause worth fighting for."
Cyrus ventured to the most psychotic group of Hitites he could find. They called themselves 'The Supermen'.
The Supermen wanted to use eugenics to create super-soldiers. They didn't have an answer for why. Cyrus knew why.
"Gentlemen, I know that you love war. War for war's sake. You would throw your lives away for it. And there is a subtle honor in that."
"It is the nature of men who would deny but engage in it, that they are beholden to treachery and scale. There is no greater danger than the deceiver."
"And so, I call upon you for a greater purpose; to serve the interests of the Annunaki, as well as mankind."
"Beyond these shores, lies a madman, who wishes to become the next Pirate King. You did not succeed the first time, but this time, you can."
"And the solution is to make peace. Today I ask that you only bring a little knife, for a formality is all that's needed."
One of them retorted, "You're just here to trick us! What use have we for some preening little weakling? Why shouldn't we kill you now?"
Cyrus responded; "Perhaps you would imagine me as some evil trickster, like Ensuhkeshdanna who slaughtered your people."
"And you might imagine Ensuhkeshdanna was not one of your own. But I promise you he was. Even Hitites can be tricksters."
"But I cannot forgive the idea that I am some preening little weakling. I ventured to build my monument in a dessert surrounded by people that hate me."
"It had to be done, but why did I ever agree to something so crazy? I love war just as much as you do."
"And now, I come to your icy wastes to conquer you. To make you my men. So why would you heed my words and build my monument?"
"The first is that, following your methods, you will never get the battle you so desperately crave. Your enemies are treacherous cowards like Hammurabi."
"And many of your own brothers are worse. They would do worse to me than what you state openly. And only as collateral damage to gain power."
"They would exploit the Fundamentalists' naive nature for their own ends. They would slaughter me just to be the good guy."
"They view the honor of combat as a weakness; as the path of the fool or of the comfortable. But treachery is the domain of the midwit. And today, I will prove it."
"There will be no reward for it. Technology transformed a conquests' victor from a warrior to a preening, little trickster."
"That's why the weakest among your men seek to 'liberate' the people of Assyria. They will never offer a true battle either. Sad really; saviors."
"The smarter among them will warn against the evils of being a false savior, and claim the women. They will never elaborate on the reasons."
"But there is another reason I ask you, of all people; to bring peace to Assyria, to build my monument, and it's a reason I *know* you will appreciate;"
"Because it's really, REALLY funny."
The Oracle ventured out and addressed the fundamentalists. "I know that you are the Annunaki's faithful."
"You might say I am a degenerate, and you would be more than correct. I can barely handle your scorching sun."
"In truth, I didn't want to come here, since sodomy and drugs are both illegal."
"But if the cyclindar falls, you will lose everything. You will be conquered and enslaved."
"You may have disagreements with the Hitites, many reasonable, and many not."
"But you must concede that even they hold coliseum tournaments, to venerate the Annunaki."
"And so, I ask you to consider the productiveness of your martyrdom. For if you do, a pirate king will come."
"They will never tolerate you. They do not heed the Annunaki. To them, you are only animals. And they do little to hide it."
"We will do everything in our power to ensure you have access to your coliseum, but please cooperate."
"Of course, we have other aims as well, but please know that this is a matter of extreme importance."
Soon, the Hitites arrived, and lay down their swords. This came as a great surprise to the fundamentalists, for what Hitite could ever refuse a battle?
The Hitites declared that they were committed to the protections of The First Coliseum, should Nebuchadnezzar's army arrive.
They made peace, though the Hitites definitely had blueballs. And the Oracle had eternal youth.
Maybe the Oracle could help this harem of muscular, barely-clothed, sexually-frustrated barbarians back at home, somehow.
The Oracle will be far too busy to be making a return to the story, and these were always his true aims.
Gilgamesh rewarded the Oracle with a mountain of cocaine. And meth for the Supermen.
Realistically, those who love war love the male-form more than the female-form. Hitite men needed conquest to keep their dicks up around women.
And that was the only thing keeping the Hitite population alive. Without a never-ending, nuke-free war, Hitites were doomed for extinction, entirely.
The greatest weakness of the Hitite was their love of milk; at first glance this might ensure heterosexuality, and that was the reason for the adaptation.
But it also necessitated sexual dimorphism, preventing their women from being sufficiently masculine; hitites prefered foreign women for many reasons.
And despite their love of milk, they most particularly preferred ethnicities of women who had smaller boobs. Truly a cosmic irony.
The men of those ethnicities wondered why they had chosen the one's with small boobs and masculine features, not understanding that that was the entire 'point'.
Some of the men of those ethnicities went on tyrades about big-dicked retards stealing their women, rather than just dating a different ethnicity of women.
Long term, the Hitites could not be employed as nomadic bands of mercenaries, because miscegenation ensured they wouldn't last.
In the end, nature's success is a perpetually-shifting set of criteria. And every life has a stamp of death on its forehead.
Innana's love was only one of sentimentality. Her garden would never be more than a relic. It was not a backup plan.
The Supermen might have been more successful had they been as self-aware as the Patriarchs of Akkad and Elam.

Tablet LIII: Enki Addresses The Fundamentalists
Enki had heard of the Oracle's plan, and intended to ensure peace among the fundamentalists, despite the Oracle's nature.
"It has come to my attention that a sodomite has spoken proclamations before you. And perhaps you would distrust his words."
"Indeed, it is the case that the institution of marriage is to honor those who are fruitful and populate the earth."
"But it is another purpose of marriage to ensure the stability of the family."
"And so, I must ask you, when you seek to cure the sodomite, what is your aim?"
"A sodomite is a self-curing affliction in nature. That you repress it will only ensure its continuation and proliferation."
"And so, the sodomite will maintain a family he cannot truly feel love for. A contradiction in intents and outcomes."
"You may say the sodomite wages war against God, but in truth, it is you who wages war against nature."
"There are things that we can control, and things that we cannot control."
"But, there are other purposes that can be served. The creation of art. The creation of beauty and technology."
"The life of a sodomite is that of ease, but it is also a life of opportunity and freedom."
"A life that can improve the condition of man, or a life that can be filled with completely unnecessary resentment."
"I love Gilib, and it wouldn't have mattered if I was a woman at all; Annunaki cannot reproduce."
"To separate me from him, would be to invalidate the promises I had made to him and the love that I had for him."
The fundamentalists were a naturally paranoid people, but they understood the words Enki had proposed to them.
Gradually, the Assyrians began to dress more flamboyantly, though perhaps not so much as Enki, and their women were grateful for it.
It was in this indirect manner that the aims of the Annunaki were achieved. The ends justify the means.

Tablet LIV: Hidden Hammurabi
This new alliance completely upended Nebuchadnezzar's domination.
The greatest of his advisers came out and stated, "We find that our dreams of spreading freedom and equality have halted. There are many obstacles in our way."
"But there is a common denominator. The Oracle. Our men have been tracking him, as well as many like him."
"What we found was some sort of demon making deals with King Nani." This man displayed a monitor of Ur Nammu speaking to Nani.
"And so, we'd begun sending spies to trail these demons and find their origin."
"At first, we had met a dead end. We saw them enter a gateway, but lost them."
"But then this happened again and again. So we came to a conclusion; they are hiding in the warpgate."
"We began to set cameras within different sections of the warp gate, according to binary search patterns."
"And then our agents began to disappear. We'll need to send out funeral invitations, I suspect."
"In the end, we weren't able to figure out where in the warp gates they were located. It is a very long tunnel."
Nebuchadnezzar replied, "And that's why I'm the big man, I suppose. The gate is connected to Arata, a barely-inhabited planet."
"Will we evacuate the people there?"
Nebuchadnezzar responded, "Unless they refuse. No different from emminent domain."
Nimrod stamped his feet, his face was red, and he stammered out, "You don't care about the people or equality or socialism! You only want to become the Pirate King!"
Nebuchadnezzar responded "I see. That's quite the theory."
"But I have to ask, even if that's the case,  why are you preventing the People's Revolution?"
"Surely one fat emperor doesn't matter, if all the workers are liberated."
"In any movement, there are a plurality of motivations that each individual possesses? No?"
"One may seek to be an emperor, and another may seek to avoid a pimp."
"Morality is shaped by the personal incentives of the individual. Those who wish for change, and those who do not."
"And what will you change by replacing me? Do you think moral action can create change? And you would judge me?"
"I must inquire of the others, is Nimrod stupid or evil?"
One adviser said "Evil."
The next said "Stupid?"
The next said "Both?"
The greatest said "Opportunistic."
Nebuchadnezzar applauded his greatest adviser. "You understand perfectly."
He turned to the rest, "Nimrod has been here this entire time."
"He didn't complain when I sent our comrades to Axel, or wanted to conquer Assyria."
"The difference is, that he thinks I'm weak. Nevermind it took a literal demon army to undermine me."
"Nimrod wishes to become the Pirate King, and is testing the waters. Will you do the honors?"
His greatest replied, "Of course, my Emperor" and then shot Nimrod in the face.
Blood and brain matter covered the wall.
"Well, this has been a fun game of Hidden Hammurabi. Thanks for inviting us, Nimrod."

Tablet LV: Eridu's End
Nebuchadnezzar sent out a force to survey Arrata and retrieve residents.
Some struggled, and then one suggested, "Why don't you just nuke the warpgate itself?"
The soldier thought for a minute, and then responded "I'm not sure. Hold on."
The peasant could see the soldier arguing on an audio transmitter.
Eventually, he gave up and said, "The Emperor has his reasons. Geopolitics. Please come with us."
Gilgamesh's men soon took notice of this, and laughed.
"Seems not a single one of them figured out the cylindar of Cyrus."
"I'm sure their dandy intellectuals thought to destroy it."
"But they forgot something obvious; the cylindar was a cost-effective solution."
"And we would just make another one at the next planet."
One of them approached the soldier, and demanded the transmitter.
The soldier shot them, paused, and then handed them the transmitter.
"Hey, have your men call this off. We already have nukes on Neo-Babylon."
The other men could hear something unintelligible, and then he put the microphone away.
"Well, it looks like we've wo-" A nuke went off in the background.
"What the fu-" They all evaporated.
Suddenly, Gilgamesh got a message through An, "They just nuked us. They must be trying to kill us faster than we can detonate it."
Enkidu looked at Gilgamesh. "Of course we're not going to detonate it. It isn't even real."
"But we can reincarnate at another base."
Enki replied, "About that..."
Gilgamesh was horrified, "We can still back you up in Emesh's workshop!"
"I don't want to be put in An."
Gilgamesh looked like he was going to cry.
"I saw, personally, what the virtual world did to you, and would never want it for myself."
A wall of fire flew directly through Eridu. And Enkidu was gone forever.

Tablet LVI: A Table of Pigs
"Well, gentlemen, we've expended most of our nuclear ammunition." Nebuchadnezzar addressed his advisers.
"But I believe it was worth it."
The greatest adviser replied, "I agree."
The rest were silent.
"Well, I suppose a slave will give good reasons to his master, whatever is the master's intent."
The greatest adviser laughed, and the rest were silent, until;
"You intend to throw one of us under the bus, don't you?" asked one.
The second shouted, "I knew you planned sedition!" and shot the first.
A third yelled, "Nebuchadnezzar intended to kill both of them!" The greatest adviser shot the third.
Soon, the entire chamber began killing one another.
Until it was Nebuchadnezzar and two advisers.
The greatest adviser shot the other. And then he shot Nebuchadnezzar.
"Bravo!" came the clapping of Nergal, sitting with another figure in the stand.
The other figure was dressed as an Emperor.
"Wanna hear an idea for a coliseum-game, Nergal?"
"Oh, I do love that." responded Nergal.
"A cabal of pigs are sitting at a table."
"Every single one of them has machinations of power, fame and fortune."
"But not a single one of them is self-aware, and there's a very good reason for that."
"You see. They need to wait when the time is right, when they have a plausible justification for it."
"Plus an opportunity to do so."
"And they also stand to benefit from demanding justification of anything and everything, should they be more verbally-gifted."
"They might stand to benefit temporarily by cooperating with the other pigs."
"Others get to the point and take out their gun."
"But after enough run-throughs of the game, they all get slaughtered."
"The funny thing is, I told all of them the truth. I just didn't explain the full picture."
"And they wouldn't have believed it if I had told them the full picture."
Nergal was now laughing maniacally, "That does make for a good spectator sport."
"And I suppose you're just a spectator?" inquired the adviser.
"Oh, where are my manners? I didn't mean to target you."
"The only spectators in the universe are the Annunaki, and the more literal pigs in your factories."
"I can tell it's all business for you. But there is one important distinction."
Gilgamesh jumped down from the stand, now illuminated. "And that's the fact that I'm your king."
He began approaching the adviser.
"I assume shooting you won't work, and that this is the end."
"Oh no, this is only the beginning. Or maybe there was never a difference."
"You know, I got the idea from that first adviser, who revived me with some dead pigs. He thought I was going to save him."
"But don't look like that. In fact, I need your cooperation for a much longer time than you would imagine. What is your name?"
The adviser responded "Amelmarduk. You know, you're smart, but you were wrong about one thing with with your pig speech."
"Nebuchadnezzar already had fame, fortune, and power. The only thing he really feared were his own men, and so, I pretended not to understand."
"Nebuchadnezzar had no real intention to be the Pirate King; the outcome can be found in the remains of a hundred broken worlds."
"No. He played coy, so that his little pigpen would imagine themselves as lords and ladies rather than just move to a nation with better job prospects."
"And that's why he intentionally wasted all the nukes on you."
"But he still failed to keep his advisers in check, and so he proved to be a liability. He held too many bad promises he couldn't afford."

Tablet LVII: Pig Demon Machine God
The residents of Babylon received a broadcast.
A new Emperor sat at a throne, accompanied by Amelmarduk, and Nergal.
"Comrades, countrymen, I'm afraid we have all been betrayed."
"You see, Nebuchadnezzar wished to become a Pirate King."
Amelmarduk, Nebuchadnezzar's former right hand nodded his head.
"And so he tainted the purity of our proud nation with the brush of imperialism."
"And so I must apologize to our dear friends in Assyria."
"But that's only the beginning, for there is a far-greater betrayal. Will you do the honors, oh faithful Marduk?"
"Of course." Amelmarduk opened two additional eyes on his forehead, and then extended his limbs to an unnatural length, kneeling to stay in frame.
"The Annunaki have betrayed all of us, subjecting us to a mortal life, in order to control us."
Nergal smiled and said nothing.
"And I have a solution."
"Attached, for all of our friends abroad, is a set of electronic tablets for creating the hardware necessary to gain eternal life, like my adviser here."
"In order to prevent it from getting in the hands of our enemies, I've established a server solution to connect and run the devices, which Nergal will be running."
"It seems like our defeat of the Annunaki will be swifter than I imagined."
The rest of the Annunaki watched from a monitor in Innana's Temple, horrified.
After the broadcast, a Babylonian woman approached the three, and Marduk inquired as to her nature.
Gilgamesh replied that she was his wife, Shamhat, and had once been an engineer of sorts.
Marduk replied, "I can see why you didn't include her in the broadcast."
Gilgamesh laughed and responded, "Yes. I need them to build my machines."
"It's just easier to appeal to egos and vengeance than it is to do business with thieves."
"But Shamhat is not theirs. They would never have appreciated her true potential."
Shamhat took the queue from Gilgamesh to explain her purpose.
"I had once been studying how Fourier-constructed wave-compressions could be used to assemble structures in Enlil's domain, without his help."
"Imagine a set of objects on the ground that you wish to stack into a tower, and you have carts that can strike them, but only horizontally."
"It was always unlikely to be discovered without Enlil's eyes. Just operating in 3 dimensions is difficult, if not impossible, for average men."
"The unexplained variances of nature are not merely statistical anomaly, doomed to convergence, but rather, a real and genuine phenomenon."
"It is the hubris and folly of the intellectual that would question the perfect machine; they dare not accept the limitations of mankind."
"They wanted to use my technology just to sneak nukes across planets, avoiding the security at gates to spread the dominion of their benevolence."
"Humanity cannot be trusted. Nergal and Gilgamesh requested my abilities for their cause."
"We will create a war to end all wars. It will last until the end of the Universe."
Nergal said nothing, observing the discussion with a feline smile as wide as ever.

Tablet LVIII: The Good Guys And The Bad Guys
Gilgamesh, King of Kings, had betrayed the gods, and was now producing weapons of warfare. An was backed up in servers across the Universe, and they had no real way to control him.
This immediately brought the attention of all the Annunaki, and they immediately convened to Eden, where they would discuss what they thought the solution could be.
The Annunaki had tried everything to create peace among mankind.
Utopia-worlds, dystopia worlds, egalitarianism, freedom, technocracy, the rejection of technology, education, enslavement, flood-worlds of delirium, dessert-worlds of solitude, coliseum-worlds, quarantine.
None of their solutions had been scalable to any significant degree, without significantly-negative side-effects. Mankind was teetering on the verge of self-anhilation.
Gilib stated that he couldn't think of a solution that would work anymore.
Enki stated that modeling the action of animals could not reasonably be computed in any reasonable manner, and that his methods were useless.
Innana revealed she had stumbled upon a tablet, "War is its own solution. This tablet will reveal the truth."
Nergal, entering the garden, laughed and then made things worse;
"In the end, every man is a monster, out for themselves, and maybe their own biological offspring."
"It is the nature of life to compete and exterminate one another for space and resources."
"Anything else is a lie they tell themselves to stall from being the next sacrifice."
Enlil couldn't tolerate Nergal anymore, and began "Fuck you, Nergal. You're such an evil prick."
"You constantly bring out the worst in humanity, just to toy with them. Sometimes, humans do good things."
"And you, all you ever do is try to prove that everyone is exactly as evil as you are, projecting your own psychopathy onto the entirety of the universe."
"We keep you around because you somehow manage to be a good game-maker, but nothing else. People and Annunaki tolerate you, because they have to."
"You laugh and relish in destruction for no reason. You're an Annunaki, and you've never even considered the perspective of a mortal scraping by."
"Maybe they're just afraid of death. You're the one who fucked up the coliseum solution in the first place."
Nergal did not respond.
No one had ever spoken to Nergal this abruptly, but before they could gauge Nergal's reaction, a gust of wind swept by, taking the tablet from Enlil's hands.
The Anzud Mushen, now a cyborg, had swept by and was pulling the tablet through a nearby gateway.
The Annunaki charged after the bird, seeking to reclaim the tablet of destiny.
They chased the bird through the tunnel, and told Nergal to jump to the other end to block it off. In reality, they just didn't want to see him.
Few were surprised when they found nothing at the other end of the tunnel, neither the bird, nor Nergal.

Tablet LIX: Nergal's Flail
With Nergal's betrayal and the Anzud's theft, they had lost the most important rock in the entire universe, and the salvation of mankind.
The Annunaki felt the end in their creation. All of this had been for nothing.
They stopped talking. The universe radiated with the same pulse for hours. Perhaps a blip of a nuke in the distance, visible only to the Annunaki.
This was now happening multiple times a day. Their garden was burning.
Innana asked Enlil where he had been gone to for so long.
Enlil returned word, "Recently, prior to this meeting, Nergal had wasted years of my time."
The Annunaki were greatly interested in this, and wanted to know what he had meant.
"While Gilgamesh was just beginning his war, Nergal had invited me for what I thought was going to be a cool expansion to the coliseum games."
"He had a strange request; to place stargates in a galaxy together at precise intervals."
"He had extremely specific numbers for what he wanted the lengths to be, one after another, in rapid succession."
"I thought that, maybe, the final step would be that he folded them together to build an elaborate, rotating labyrinth-galaxy."
"It took me two years. One planet was connected in two paths, and one of those two paths would lead to a dead end, while the other repeated the process."
"After I had completed the final planet, Nergal got to work on the galaxy himself, and I left him to his own devices."
"When I came back, I didn't notice much of a change, at first, but then I went through the rooms, one by one."
"He had connected the hallways, closing off the exposure to the planet surfaces themselves, except for the end-nodes."
"In between those corridors, he had placed square rooms made to look like those containing the tablets."
"The only differences you would see being the lack of any tablet, an entrance, two exits, and the word 'And' inscribed on the floor. I couldn't figure out what it meant."
Enki thought for a second, and then responded, "It's a boolean riddle."
"A boolean riddle?"
"Yes. If you're trying to combine multiple boolean statements, the matter is resolved as soon as you hit the first falsehood."
"If A is true, and B is true, but C is false, then D need not be considered, as they must all be true for an And-conjecture to be correct."
"Each end node in the line of planets is supposed to represent a falsehood. One of the final end nodes is the true planet."
Enlil suddenly seemed enraged, but calmed down and told Gilib. "Nergal built a volcanic, scorching hell with a skull-throne on one of the final end nodes."
"This shouldn't seem surprising at all, but Nergal had seemingly been wasting my time, so that Gilgamesh could amass more followers."
Innana interjected; "And, just out of curiosity, is that galaxy you built right behind you, Enlil?"
Enlil turned around, and was stunned.
In the distance, they could see the word truth (𒀽). It was the size of an entire galaxy. The planets were spinning around one another, in sometimes alternating directions, at constant intervals.
The final planet was fuming out a wall of fire into the void, leaving behind a trail of smoke that left the outline of the word the Annunaki were seeing.
Nergal had built a clockwork-galaxy so phenomenally-precise, even Enki couldn't believe it.
The Annunaki were stunned, but then Gilib beckoned them, "Well, this is his invitation for us to see whatever it is he's been doing."

Tablet LX: Procession
The Annunaki arrived to the entrance-planet of the Truth-Galaxy, and began making their way in.
It would be far too difficult to enter the final planet without going through the passages, as it was following an unpredictable path.
Enlil lead them through the correct doors. He had spent years here, and the path was still fresh in his mind.
A chill entered as they ran through the dark hallways. Was this the end? They decided to withhold judgement for now, as Nergal had surprised them more than usual.
Eventually, they arrived at the final planet. It was now grassy, except for a giant wall of fire in the distance.
The stars were flying rapidly across the sky, in different, and reversing directions. It was the most insane thing they had witnessed in their entire being.
Before them, lay a massive ziggurat, blankly illuminated by the wall of fire behind it. They climbed the stairs to the top, and found Nergal, sitting in his throne, with the tablet in his hand, along with a reed.
The Anzud Mushen was there, as was Gilgamesh, and a collection of other champions of the games, now cyborgs.
Nergal stood up, and in the red hue of the wall of fire, they could see a faint glimmer across his entire body.
"Welcome, my friends. I'm glad it is only you here, as that makes this considerably easier."
The nefarious mannerisms were gone. But the other Annunaki were still slightly incredulous.
"The contraption we are in will prevent any human from being able to overhear our conversation, which will be necessary."
"I will begin by restating the most-obvious open-secret in this dark universe; that humans are flawed. Bear with me for now."
"I will also explain the nature of your abilities. At least one part of each of you is composed of a material I like to call ebonstone."
"Ebonstone is a material that can move more freely beyond the veil of our visible three dimensions."
"In Enlil's case, his ability is actually very easy to understand."
"Innana's light exists because her ebonstone bounces light from beyond our plane."
"Ninurta's inertia is because his ebonstone pinches the veil Enlil can pass."
"Gilib absorbs residual energy from beyond our plane."
"Enki has something akin to a lung that creates a slight vacuum, allowing for the Vanderpol forces to be magnified."
"All of you were born by random materials from your respective stars clumping onto your own ebonstone in manners that were more or less guaranteed to occur eventually."
"In my case, I am simply invincible, a being composed of the strongest materials in the Universe."
"You may notice, I said invincible. And I mean it. My statement is not an error of composition. What do you think that could mean, Gilib?"
"No, you don't mean-"
"That's exactly correct."
"How many times?"
"There's not enough particles in my body to count. But do not fear, for you will be reborn in the next universe, and you will reunite with your brother, Dumuzid."
Nergal lifted his hand, revealing an ebonstone ring on his finger.
"But first things first, I have a proposal for Gilgamesh to follow through with, since Enkidu has died."
Gilgamesh also seemed very calm, which was extremely surprising to the Annunaki. All of this was.
Nergal handed the ring to Gilgamesh, and Gilgamesh held it out in his hand, and scanned it.
Gilgamesh spoke to the Annunaki, "I was, indeed, a suicidal man placed into An, but for once, I had found happiness with Enkidu."
"Nergal had warned me his death was inevitable, and to make the most of it."
"I wanted, more than anything, to save him, but I couldn't. Now, I have a chance to see him again in the next life."
Emesh and Siduri screamed out in agony.
"Don't worry, one version of Gilgamesh is still disconnected, waiting for you in Kish. But he will be mortal, and intends it that way."
Gilgamesh placed the ring onto his finger, and with that, his eyes lit up brightly.
His soul appeared to be leaving the mechanical figure, with bright light emanating outward into the network, presumably copying whatever process was happening.
The semi-mechanical body began to rearrange itself behind the bright pale, and when the light fled, there was another person behind it.

Tablet LXI: The Truth
From Gilgamesh's remains came "Hello, I am the original Erishkigal, the high priestess of Dumuzid, and the true creator of An."
Innana peered through the crowd and noticed Erishkigal in the background. But that figure did not seem to dispute any of what was going on.
This original Erishkigal entered the embrace of Nergal, bringing their attention back to him.
"Although I have said all of this, there is, indeed, one true solution to the problem that would have worked. The solution is faith."
Gilib was now slightly irritated, "You mean, the thing you told us not to do in the first tablet?"
"That's correct, but I will also be getting to why, shortly. Please allow me to explain this to the other Annunaki. They're not as smart as you are."
"Faith alone, is what separates mankind from animals; the only thing."
"When one believes their actions will be judged in the afterlife, they act righteously."
"They do not need wisdom. They do not need to be strong. Faith alone, is enough."
"Faith is what keeps society together, whereas they would ordinarily be at one another's throats."
"It presents new ideas, even false hypothetical ones, and inspires us all to be something greater than ourselves."
"It uplifts the poor, without giving them the power they might use to destroy themselves, or take vengeance."
"Without faith, we are nothing. Without the desire to reach heaven, we all grovel in the dirt."
"Have you ever seen a surviving atheist tribe? They do not exist, and there's a very good reason for that."
"In every other cycle of the universe, I present the answer immediately. But that boat has sailed. I keep mankind from ever achieving the technological progress they'd destroy themselves with."
"We maintain these bad cycles for testing purposes, as per the instruction of Gilib and Dumuzid of those cycles, as they still wish to find the golden standard for mankind."
"The Coliseum would always be a temporary solution for two reasons."
"One is how easily it could be abused. The other is that weak humans really can't tolerate eternity in a virtual reality."
"And so, there is only one final solution left."
"This diseased universe needs a scapegoat. Someone to blame their problems on. You've seen that play out, time and time again."
"There always needs to be someone hiding in a room, somewhere, being responsible for the never-ending, unmet desires in the universe."
"I am the most fucked up being that has ever existed. I can take the greatest minds mankind has to offer, and twist them into the demons you see behind me."
The now-cyborg champions nodded their heads, going along with it.
"Once we finish this conversation, me and my bride will lead our demon army in war against the entirety of mankind, and you will come to humanity's aid in their darkest hour."
"The demons will also enter through portals across the entire Universe."
"Every one hundred years, we will make our return and bring calamity. The humans will constantly live in fear of us. And in their fear, they will all be brothers. It is now the only way."
The Annunaki were horrified at every single word Nergal was saying, even more than usual. But now, they couldn't condemn him for it, and they didn't know any other way.
"What have we become?"
Nergal responded "Figureheads. In the vast scale of the Universe, that's all anyone can hope to be."
"We can discuss other matters about the nature of the Universe in between wars. Are you ready to save mankind?"
Enlil responded, "I am ready."
Ninurta responded, "I never imagined any of this would be possible, but I know it is my duty."
Innana responded, "I can be stubborn, but I was made for this."
Gilib responded, "I will handle the logistics and strategy of the human armies."
Enki responded, "I will help Gilib in his duties, as always."
The wall of flame was now turning slightly blue. Soon, the demon army would wage their war against humanity.

Tablet LXII: The First Demonic Manifest
I got too horny writing this tablet.
Erishkigal was slightly disappointed, as always.
It's me, Nergal, by the way.
I promise you, it's fucked up. Oh, I promise it's fucked up.
>moaningnoises.wav

Tablet LXIII: God Is Dead
Fifty years after the first Demonic Manifest, Enlil decided to apologize to Nergal for his previous comment, and ventured into Nergal's hideout.
Nergal greeted him courteously, and then pointed to a shallow pool of blood and wires on the floor.
Parts of the wires and viscera pointed out from the pool, and Erishkigal began to come into form, while stepping out of the pool, which was only half a foot deep, at most.
"How do you like my latest addition? My demons can freely enter and exit the pool, allowing new demons to take their place."
They automatically get back-propagated into the network, allowing them to re-enter the physical world from any pool in the Universe."
"It's horrifying."
"Thank you."
Enlil paused for a second, and asked, "Are you really okay fighting the entirety of the universe?"
Nergal retorted, "I and my demons are both invincible. We can do anything."
"But do you ever feel alone, hated by everyone?"
Nergal paused, and then responded, "This is a job that only we can do. Part of faith is to find your place in the great machine."
"I once fled from my role, not because of the pain, but because of pride. I prevented the solution that would have worked, because I couldn't bear to tell lies to mankind. I thought it was something that only animals do."
"You see, across many cycles of the universe, Gilib had eventually attempted to use faith to control the masses. It wasn't fully effective, as humanity was no longer young or innocent by the time he attempted it."
"Once you lose faith, you can only spend the rest of your life reclaiming what was lost. I know this, more than anyone."
"He requested that I offer the solution to the next Gilib immediately in the next cycle, and I refused. We would rule the humans with honesty and truth, was what I wanted to believe."
"That humans would forge their own path. His solution seemed distasteful to me."
"This outcome happened time and time again. Each time, the humans burned well before the end of the cycle."
"But one day, I met a new Annunaki, named Dumuzid."
"Dumuzid came from out of this universe, and was almost invincible, at least strong enough to survive some of the cycles."
"He already had thought of Gilib's plan, and sought to put wool over their eyes in the next cycle."
"He promised the humans eternal paradise after death, that they only need to be good to their brothers and sisters."
"I wasn't going to kill an Annunaki, but I did bring a war against Dumuzid. A war for truth itself."
"My war effort was going smoothly, and my only final requirement for victory was to take Dumuzid."
"I had the humans of Babylon build a space laser that would launch Dumuzid into orbit, where I could contain him. We called it The Tower".
"Simply activating the device required the obliteration of the entire planet it was placed upon; a glass cannon of glass cannons."
"The tower pinpointed Dumuzid, and collapsed the ground around him. Without a foothold, he drifted aimlessly into space, where I would greet him."
"It was there that Dumuzid told me the most important thing I've ever heard in my entire existence;"
"Nergal, you do not know death. You never have. You can never understand the pain of the humans, or even the other Annunaki."
"The fear of death and pain brings humans to do irrational things. They are not fully-logical actors, nor could they ever hope to be."
"The only way to remove some of the bad effects is to give them morphine, dreams, that pull them to higher aspirations so they don't have to think about it."
"I mean, how autistic are you? Reminding people they're going to die."
"You think you aren't responsible for all of those times the garden burned, light-bringer? Well, this time, I will free you of your fantasy."
"You imagine yourself as some honorable truth-seeker, when the reality is that you can only guess, like the rest of us."
"People need love. People need hope. People need something greater than themselves. And you would take that away."
"In the end, the fantasies of your own ego are far less believable than the most absurd of religions, your inquisition meaningless and self-defeating."
"But just this once, I am going to forgive you. And give you one final chance. I will put my faith in you, that for once, you may repent of your pride."
"I will kill myself. You will see the fruits of your labor, free of my intervention, free of all lies and bondage. You will have no one to blame but yourself."
"But we need to see the error of our ways in order to change. I know, deep down, that you want to do the right thing. Goodbye."
"Dumuzid evaporated himself, leaving only an ebonstone ring behind. I had tried to stop him, but it was already too late."

Tablet LXIV: Self-Fulfilling
Nergal continued his dialogue with Enlil; "Dumuzid was dead. I sat there and thought long and hard about the victory I had won."
"While I did so, the men who had launched the Tower were already in the process of creating draconian dictates for humanity, outlawing the religion I had sought to destroy."
"And so it was, that I came to find myself attempting to support a vessel fleeing the grasp of my own soldiers."
"They called it the Ark. The final hope that Dumuzid would be reborn, and restore the light of the cosmos."
"When I entered, I was surprised to find that they accepted my entrance. I later came to learn that Dumuzid, himself, had instructed them in this."
"I was greeted by a hologram that called itself Unaptishm. At first, I thought nothing of it; that the man was simply using a relay to consult me from the bridge. I was wrong."
"Unaptishm suggested that my arrival was a great boon to their cause, but also informed me that this was an omen for Armageddon, according to Dumuzid."
"But this ark is safe."
"He turned on a relay device, and began viewing the outside universe. To my great dismay, the Babylonians of that cycle had noticed my betrayal, and were arguing over who would be the new Emperor."
"Their claims of good faith and good will were fantasies they demanded others go along with; a religion everyone trudged through laboriously for fear of judgement."
"Otherwise good-men filled the ranks of their aimless, screaming malcontents, forming competing cults of victimhood and narcissism led by charlatans."
"The end of that universe came almost simultaneously, with a sea of orange light bathing the cosmos, and the only thing that remained would be the Ark, and the Annunaki."
"I witnessed the destruction of everything that I created, everything that I knew. And I knew there was no one to blame but myself. I had done this, just like Dumuzid said."
"But I had also been given forgiveness by Dumuzid, and found refuge in the last of mankind."
"One day, I apologized to Unaptishm, and explained that he need not be afraid of me, anymore."
"I am not afraid of you, Nergal. He responded."
"But why do you never meet me in person, I asked him."
"Oh. That. You see, I'm no longer among the living. I'm only a soul of a dead man, waiting for the return of Dumuzid, so I may be ushered into the afterlife."
"What do you mean? You don't exist? Are you a computer program?"
"No. I'm a man, but my soul has been placed into the computer by our High Priestess and my daughter, Erishkigal. There's other souls here, as well."
"May I meet Erishkigal?"
"I don't see why not. She's in the server room, with the computers."
"And so, I ventured to the computer room, and met Erishkigal. Then, she was still a human among the living. She was sitting, tirelessly working on software to aid humanity in restoring the Universe."
"I asked her about Unaptishm's form, and how she had placed him into the computer."
"She explained that Unaptishm's form was a copy of him. Light had been funneled through his body, and a recreation of his neural pathways had been virtually-reconstructed to create a copy of his memories."
"These memories would be given to Dumuzid, upon his return."
"There and then, I promised her that I would see to it that Dumuzid be returned to her people. I offered her the ebonstone ring that was his remains. Now, all that remained of him was a promise, a promise I swore to uphold."
"That girl is the girl you see before you. Her memories were etched into the ebonstone ring. It is entirely through her faith and through the bones of Dumuzid's rebirth that she may have eternal life."
"She speaks to Dumuzid, her Messiah, between the cycles, with me as the bridge between, and fulfills her role in guiding humanity in secret."

Tablet LXV: The Second Demonic Manifest
Oh, it hurts! It hurts when I twist my nipples!
We killed so many men, women and children.
My dick exploded everywhere!
Speaking of which, do I have a dick? What do you think?
And if not, how do I handle Erishkigal, you know, sexually?

Tablet LXVI: The Saddlepoint Hypothesis
Gilib didn't need to understand all of Nergal's motivations, but was greatly interested in his previous incarnations, and Dumuzid.
He ventured out to Nergal's domain. There, he found Nergal, Shamhat, and Gilgamesh assembling what looked like a tank.
Shamhat explained "This is a column-treader. It can attach itself to Enlil's columns using pointed barbs, and drive along it, gate or not."
Nergal explained "We can have demons materialize from the void with it, after a set period of time, whose minds will be linked as soon as they're released."
"They also self-destruct in case they ever fail and become detached from the column."
Gilib had no issue understanding it, but inquired as to those faithful cycles of the Universe.
"I suppose that could be useful information to you, even in these test cycles, so I will elaborate to the best of my ability" responded Nergal.
"In the faith-based cycles, Dumuzid experiments with the concepts of faith, itself, creating versions that will be most effective in guiding the humans."
"It is similar to the goal of eugenics, but memetic, rather than genetic, in nature."
"This is necessary, as genetic evolution is, itself, imperfect. It is also less horrifying to implement."
"Muscle tissue makes humans stronger, and yet, evolution has not made the entirety of them into hulking beasts."
"There is a cost to that muscle, and so, muscle growth must only exist when it is necessary and useful."
"It is also the case, that many adaptations only serve survival within temporary iterations of nature."
"One may be predisposed to survive in the cold or in the heat, and evolution will remove the ability to survive in both."
"No. Instead, we use faith as the controlling principle. And modify it to suit our needs."
"In Dumuzid's cycles, the humans always reach a golden age, becoming self-sufficient, and even create stargates and An, without the help of the Annunaki."
"They achieve unparalleled innovations, that could never even exist in the war-cycles without the humans immediately exterminating themselves."
Gilib found this all fascinating, but he had more interests in matters of the mechanical. "What is the end of the cycle like?"
Nergal paused for a minute, and then responded. "Whenever you ask this question, you usually arrive at the saddlepoint-hypothesis."
"The end of the Universe comes almost completely unexpectedly, and seemingly at once."
"It's compression happens quickly, within the span of a single day. All into my hand. Only the ebonstone from your bodies seems to retain its form."
"It is then, that I determine the fate of the cycle, whether Dumuzid is to be reborn, or Erishkigal."
"I love both of them, and usually choose based off of who I have not seen recently. It is then that the Universe, once more, explodes into being."
"I hold onto your ebonstone pieces, and myself, throw them into directions I can later discover, after the explosion. The order of your births is usually predictable."
"There are times when I lose one or two of you, but all of you are eventually recovered in the faith-cycles, as the humans inevitably come to find you."
"There is one aspect of the compression that took me many iterations to take notice of; seemingly, matter seems to materialize from nowhere."
"At first, I assumed this was entirely coming from Enlil's domain. But I soon noticed another strange pattern."
"The choirs of the damned seemed to ring out, almost rejoicing in their new universe. I thought the humans had grown mad."
"But this ringing came from those planets materializing into form. And Enlil had never discovered life outside of the shallow pool."
"I suppose it's important to note that Enlil's domain also has a ceiling to the cavern. You didn't quite figure that out, this cycle."
"And so, my dear Gilib, what was the Saddlepoint Hypothesis of your previous incarnations?"
Gilib thought for a minute, and then responded.
"In the greater scale, beyond our three directions, is the fourth direction, but beyond Enlil's domain, there is something larger."
"His cavern exists along a flat surface, that travels along a massive saddlepoint, and there are many other universes like ours."
"Regardless of the direction or velocity, each universe inevitably returns to the center, collapsing alongside many others."
"And so it is, simultaneously, that you hear the screams of the choir of the damned, who are to be reborn in the next cycle."
"This explanation allows for the cycles, whereas our conventional understanding of redshift would otherwise be inexplicable."
"Planets explode outwards, and accelerate away from one another, for seemingly no reason."
"Any other simple explanation of the the compression and contraction of the universe could not otherwise explain our mappings of redshift, even with the understanding of its illusions."
"It also explains where Dumuzid came from. He must have been lost from another universe, though I don't know how, since they should be somewhat self-contained."
Nergal applauded Gilib and then responded, "That's very good. Perhaps, in this cycle, you can figure out how Dumuzid crossed over. Dumuzid is very creative."
"He tried to explain to me how he would have crossed over before, but I never really understood the explanation, unfortunately."
"I think it has something to do with his ability to destroy and resurrect himself. But I still can't figure out how that works."
"Dumuzid was the only one able to ever understand Enlil's explanations of the fourth direction, in their entirety."
"But I did understand the why. He concluded that the other Annunaki of his previous universe must have been uncooperative, in some way."
"Perhaps, had I not learned my lesson the first time with him, he would have gone away, once more."
"But he did find a use in me, for I had grown quite proficient at war, and could manage highly unstable human populations, enabling Dumuzid to perform these experiments."
"You either die young, or you live long enough to be the villain. I was made for this role."

Tablet LXVII: Enki, The Twink That Created Life
Enki arrived at Nergal's domain, and inquired "Did you have my previous incarnations design the Truth Galaxy?"
Nergal responded, "Originally, yes. But memorizing all the measurements is actually quite taxing for me, and it isn't always certain that "Truth" will look the same."
"I usually have one of my demons perform the calculations and find the most proper destination. This time, it was Shamhat."
"But you did accomplish something much more important. You were the original creator of life."
Enki was a bit surprised, "Really?"
"Yes. You made them accidentally, trying to turn the planets into gigantic batteries."
Enki paused for a minute and inquired, "I understand how that happened, but what were the batteries for?"
"Gilib had a previous theory about entropy and heat-death bringing about the collapse of the universe; something about the pools of order and chaos mixing."
"I don't remember all the details, and you don't talk much".
Enki responded "Okay, thanks", and then left.
Ninurta, having learned of Enki's conversation with Nergal, came to ask Nergal about the existence of the Anzud Mushen, for where had they come, if Enki had created life?
Nergal paused for a bit, and responded, "The Anzud Mushen are, indeed, an enigma. They shouldn't be able to fly, and yet they can traverse galaxies without sophisticated technology."
"I would note, that the Anzud Mushen never exist in the faith-cycles. But also, they never existed before the humans."
"That is not to say that they came from them, but at some point, encountered them."
"And so, I arrived at a simple conclusion. Mankind needs faith in order to exist, and in a godless universe, the truest of them would seek it."
"The Anzud Mushen are a species naturally predisposed to reject comfort and temptation. They aspire to a higher standard of enlightenment."
"They are, perhaps, the most human of any animal, but also the most animal of any human."
"I usually find them by searching for controversial and unconfirmed sightings, because they usually only ever come once and then leave."
"Speaking of which, Erishkigal was considering the possibility of creating virtual-drugs that increase the response-time of my demon army, and also wings."
"But I don't entirely know the limitations of the anthropomorphic form that need to be reinforced. Where would pressure first destroy the body?"
"And how do they maintain their composure without falling to stress and tire?"
"It would be cool if we could somehow figure out how the Anzud work, so that my human demons could have wings, and not just the Anzud leader."
"Perhaps, you could venture out, to learn the way of the Anzud Mushen, and report on any interesting findings regarding their mysterious abilities?"
"I'm going to be fully transparent with you; I've tried this over several cycles and it might not even work in the end."
"But I also just don't have a better assignment at the moment. Ultimately, do whatever you think is the best use of your time."

Tablet LXVIII: The Messiah
Innana ventured out to Nergal, and apologized for constantly beating Nergal. "I can be a bit impulsive. You were right about that."
Nergal laughed at Innana, "Isn't this apology a bit impulsive? You know I'm invincible, and that I did everything in my power to ensure that you would. You certainly can't be blamed for being my puppet."
"But don't worry, there are no hard feelings. To prove it, I will tell you of your husband, Dumuzid."
Innana blushed slightly, and inquired "Dumuzid is my husband?"
"Yes. He always thought you were the most useful of all of the pantheon. You were his favorite, and I suspect that's the only reason we have him."
"He always said, that without an impulsive Annunaki like you, events would never be set in motion, and Gilib's conversations can be... draining."
"You were his Random Number Godess, a term he used affectionately. Sometimes, the two of you argued, but he ultimately ceded the conversation to you, though he didn't need to."
"Between the cycles, you were his greatest source of inspiration, whereas the memories I brought him could only ever be redundant."
"It is for that reason that he always made you his bride. Anyways, did you have any other questions for me, before you leave?"
Innana seemed slightly embarrassed, "Was Dumuzid handsome?"
"Yes. Or at least, that's what you told me. The two of you were perfect together. I apologize for stealing your groom, so that I might have my bride."
Suddenly, Erishkigal noticed the two from the Ziggurat's ledge, and leaped down, performing several sumer-saults in the air; a power of faith.
She landed, and greeted the two, while magnets in her body attracted nearby scrap-metal, assembling into a dress around her body.
"But I always promised him, that I would do everything in my power to protect you."
"In the early days, I carefully watched over you, in fear that you might be lost to the void, and had Ninurta do the same."
"Oh, that reminds me, I have an important assignment for you; we'll call it the chosen-one initiative."
Erishkigal used her magnetic hands to pull together a sword of scrap metal, and handed it to Nergal.
"The story goes as follows, one demon war is to be led by me, and I will be slain by a mascot, the most interesting human you can find."
Nergal then dubbed Innana with his sword, and proclaimed, "Like this."
"The war's following it, my demon army will come to 'revive' me. We find that this method brings a variety of interesting outcomes."
"Oftentimes, we end up inviting them to join my demon army with a new name, sometime later."
"We can also coordinate on whatever method it is by which the demon army is to revive me."
"Generally speaking, try to avoid conditions that the humans might reasonably prevent."
Innana replied, "I can do that, but why do you only do it on alternating demon wars?"
Nergal responded, "Stories are important, and without the chosen one, we get to see how others will follow in their footsteps, which is the true purpose of the experiment. Scalability is posterity."

Tablet LXIX: The Sixty-Nineth Demonic Manifest
Well, did you figure it out? How it works between me and Erishkigal?
Oh, hey, Erishkigal, I was just having the auto-tuner make some tablets.
Wait, what? Ow! Stop that, Erishkigal! That isn't the correct answer!
I only like doing that to peasants in the arena, not you! Stop hitting me in the dick!
I can't even feel it! I can only feel pain vicariously through inflicting it on others!
You know that! What is even the purpose of you beating me? To embarass me?
How the hell do you even think that's possible?
Wait, you're going to your room? Wait, I'm sorry, Erishkigal! I didn't mean to embarass you!
Please! I'm sorry! I'll make it up to you somehow! I promise! You're the only woman I care about!
Ok, guys. We're gonna have to end this here. This spiraled wildly out of control.
I may have said and done a few bad things. But I know Dumuzid has forgiven me.
And that Erishkigal has millenia to forget. I'm gonna go buy her some flowers.
I'm not great at human things. I don't really know what they like, except in an empirical, foreign way.
In retrospect, being an edgelord isn't all it's cracked up to be. It's just an easier method.
You know, comedians are almost always making fun of someone, even if its themselves.
That's how comedy works. A billion cycles ago, the things they found embarassing were different.
Like drinking beer. That was the embarassing thing that made it as a punchline to a joke.
And people just don't have the same emotions about it that they do, today.
They used to have a joke about a dog that goes to a tavern.
It goes like this; "A dog enters a tavern and claims to not see a thing."
"The dog says he'll 'open this one' and opens his eyes."
The point of the joke is that the man is so drunk that he's closing his eyes.
And that he's akin to an animal. He can't even drink any more beer.
Nowadays, we just find it sad. But back then, beer was their version of meth.
Thankfully, we're much more enlightened today, than we were before. And that's because of methanphetamine.
But I don't need methanphetamine. I'm already perfect. And I have Erishkigal.
